title
California For Beginners
Studying abroad taught me this...
"r/California, in addition to being an outspoken proponent of the NSA, Senator Dianne Feinstein just introduced a bill to amplify the failed war on drugs. Is this the voice we want in Washington?"
I never understood these commercials...
"Barbara Boxer Co-Sponsored PIPA and recieved $571,000 from the entertainment industry in 2010.. I think it is time for her to go"
"Huell Howser, California TV Legend, Passes Away :-("
I think I see a connection...
"Huntington Beach , CA"
Did not expect this while in Croatia... did not taste the same!
Santa Cruz in a nutshell
States that know how to party [xpost from r/funny]
"My friend's mother was found murdered in Hercules, CA last night - Oct. 5th. This 2011 Subaru Outback with Idaho license plate #1A1F680 was stolen from her home that same night. Please call the police if you see this car."
The Simpsons remember Huell Howser
"The fire in southern California is nearing my house. This is not my picture, it was posted by a neighbour on Facebook."
"For the first time in five years, the state of California is not running a deficit, thanks to Jerry Brown!"
"Golden Gate Bridge, opening day 76 years ago today"
Yay California! 
Regions in America with the same population as California (Xpost /r/MapPorn)
Yes this a California grizzly bear attacking a horse on top of the California State Capitol.
Summary of the propositions facing California voters this November
one of the many perks of being a californian
"Hey California! Support SB 52, the California DISCLOSE act, so we can see who really pays for political ads. Look at the difference between disclosure for prop 37 as it was in 2012 and what it would have looked like under SB 52..."
My first stop after getting off the plane in Sacramento
Recently took a trip to Yosemite National Park
Overcrowding in California prisons [x-post from /r/WTF]
Los Angeles in 1946 [x-post from r/pics]
Supreme Court rules there's no standing for Prop 8 proponents
"As a Californian currently living in Panama, this is all I thought when I saw a car with California plates all the way down here..."
New CA Bill Would Let Bars Serve Alcohol Until 4 AM
California Teen Birth Rate Plummets Thanks To Sex Ed
California Tilt-shifts
Southern California's Reaction to the Cold 
"Please help me find my brother, Matthew Greene. Age 38, approx. 5'11"", 160lb. Last seen in Mammoth Lakes, CA region."
ventura county right now
Dangerous new street gang in LA-here's their tag
Rejoice! It is now illegal to picket a funeral in California. Suck it WBBC!
I juxtaposed a simulated satellite image of California from 1851 and a 2013 image. Just look at all the water San Joaquin Valley.
Two Asian women delivering newspapers were shot by Torrance police this morning simply because they were in a truck similar to that Dorner may have been driving.
"California: The Hella Golden State
"
In-N-Out Burger dumps California slaughterhouse accused of abusing cows
California wants an end to taxpayer subsidy for WalMart
I may have an addiction.
Top of Tahoe
TIL California produces 80% of the world's almonds.
Move to Colorado they said. It's a mild Climate they said (I miss CA weather)
The oldest building in California: San Juan Capistrano Mission. Founded and built by Spanish/Mexican Catholics only a few years after American Revolution. Beautiful.
California strawberry pickers fired for walking off job to flee wildfire
Thank you California
"Driving to work when at first glance I thought it said ""CALI GIRL."" Judging by the license plate frame, I'm probably not the first to make this mistake."
Feels good California
California's shark fin soup ban takes effect Monday
"A state park whistle blower is fired after reporting that his supervisor was mismanaging money or possibly embezzling. Fails to get job back however, a public records request shows the problem is rampant state-wide."
"Dianne Feinstein a ""steadfast NSA supporter"" in the Senate"
San Diego and Tijuana make joint proposal to host 2024 Olympics
Another reason why I love California
The first jail in California...pictured here
"30,000 California inmates are refusing meals at the start of what could be the largest prison protest in state history."
"Eeeeeexcellent. In-N-Out shall forever be ours! (And kind of Arizona's, but not really.)"
What I miss about California.
32 Reasons California Is The Most Beautiful State In The Country
California ban on ticket-buying 'bots' used by scalpers clears Assembly panel
"As of Jan. 1, California allows homemade food to be sold in restaurants and grocery stores! "
Two ex-Marines sentenced to death after they raped Iraq vet's wife in front of him and then shot couple in the head.
"New California ""Right to Know"" Act Would Let Consumers Find Out Who Has Their Personal Data -- And Get a Copy of It. This is important for the country and Californians can do something about it."
"Police arrest man for filming raid, then shoot his dog in front of him (Hawthorne, CA)"
1929 Hand-drawn pictorial map of California history [xpost from r/mapporn]
NorCal vs. SoCal - survey to determine where the dividing line is.
Why I love living in Northern California. My view driving into my neighborhood.
"This trailer was stolen out of my sister's front driveway in Kingsburg, CA. The windows are a customization and thus an identifier. Any help recovering it would be appreciated. They are offering a reward for its return. The trailer is most likely in the central valley or the central coast."
Apple has a small office building in Nevada to avoid paying California taxes (x-post /r/technology)
"I should have posted to California, instead of pics."
100°F in the forecast... as a LOW
Highest-paid county administrator in California to receive $424K annual pension
Dorner Lives (Graffiti found in LA)
TIL ranch dressing was invented in California! (At a dude ranch called Hidden Valley Ranch in Santa Barbara)
What California might have looked like from space in 1851: “You could take a boat from Bakersfield to Stockton.”
Your voices have been heard. UC suspends use of new logo!
"Feinstein, chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, said her committee approved the secret collection of telephone records."
"California, I'll never leave you."
Tied up in California. 
How I feel going to school in the north east after growing up in the bay area.
I just drove through Arizona and saw ... 
Bill approved to ban plastic bags statewide in California. 
"Caltrans map showing NorCal, Central, and SoCal boundaries."
"Bill AB666 Eliminates Your Right to a Trial, No Evidence Other than the Ticket Itself is Needed to Convict You, You Will Have to Pay a Fee If You Want Your Case Heard in Court, and Expands the Use of Photo Enforcement to Other Traffic Violations"
"I only had my phone with me, but I had to capture this: Sunset from Skyline Ridge (Santa Cruz Mountains)"
"The (Abandoned) Sierra Buttes Fire Lookout, California"
New California bill would ban smoking in multi-unit housing 
"Prop. 8: Gay-marriage ban unconstitutional, court rules"
I am from England and have just finished a month long road trip of california! Here are some of my favourite photos of this beautiful state
"As a guy who lives in Wilmington NC, I always see this sign when I get on I-40. People of Barstow, do you guys have one of these heading back in the other direction?"
New Cal State chancellor asks for salary cut to help budget
California Cool (Japanese guidebook cover 2012)
Timeline of when pro sports teams moved in and out of California (image)
Which California Senators You Need to Pressure to Stop the New Sober DUI Bill
The Invisible Borders That Divide American Culture
Was overseas; What do you mean by *that* California?
Anti marijuana Norma Torres is running for state senate in CA 32nd district. If you live in or know people in Pomona Chino Ontario Montclair tell them watch out and not to vote for her! She is cracking down on pot every chance she gets. Prison unions are her campaign piggy bank!
The Lion King on Southern California
"Kernville, CA: Not that well known, but it's one of my favorite places in the state."
Well now we know how 46% of these state workers spend their time.
Are you a Humboldt Honey ?
California still hasn't bought land for bullet train route - latimes.com
What is this about?
CA lawmakers are considering reducing penalties for minor drug offenses. A measure before the state legislature would allow the cases to be misdemeanors. That would reduce the amount of time convicts would spend behind bars and help prison crowding.
12 best unusual things to do in Southern California
L.A. Breaks Driving Addiction as Bike and Train Commutes Grow
On our way home crossing the Golden Gate Bridge. Crew member took this pic.
California Democratic Party Marijuana Resolution Asks Obama To End Federal Crackdown
"A couple weeks ago I finished biking the west coast, from Vancouver to Tijuana, and I came to a profound realization..."
"Public schools to get big revenue boost--""From 2011-12 to 2016-17, school funding will jump by $19 billion from $47.3 billion to $66.5 billion."""
"Calif. Sues Whole Foods, Trader Joe’s Over Lead Found In Ginger, Plum Candies « CBS Los Angeles"
"Californian redditors, Diane Feinstein was wrong on SOPA, marijuana decriminalization, and the Iraq war.  In tomorrow's primary, let's put a real alternative on November's ballot: David Levitt."
Sunset near Rio Vista PreetiRang Sanctuary
The real top of Tahoe. On the summit of mount tallac.
"Ever wish you could get one of those cool '50s, '60s, or '70s CA license plates for your car?  Introducing the California Legacy License Plate Program."
"San Diego Police Attack and Arrest Man Video Recording Them, Claiming Phone Could be a Weapon (Updated)"
Amazon to begin charging sales tax for purchases in California on Sept. 15
"New California law bans warrantless searches of portable electronic devices capable of creating, receiving, accessing, or storing electronic data or communications"
Wouldn't it be nice -- dream L.A. subway map [pic]
California couple discover perfectly preserved 1961 fallout shelter 15 feet below their backyard - everything you could want for a nuclear fallout from Kleenex to unappetizing cans of 'multi-purpose food'
GOP might never again hold power in California 
California poppy growing at my school (x-post from /r/pics)
"Five women were killed Saturday night when they became trapped after the limo caught fire on the San Mateo bridge, California."
"""It's Your Money"" California launches campaign to stop security deposit rip-offs, one of the most common tenant grievances."
New California Transit Map Simplifies Car-Free Travel Across the State (x-post from /r/transit)
California Senate OKs ban to keep employers from social media passwords
California Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom: Cannabis Laws 'Just Don't Make Sense Anymore'
"Yet another reason I love you, California. "
Anybody else like to stop here and eat their lunch?
"Federal judge in California has issued three key rulings over a four-year period that favored companies in which he owned stock, analysis has found.
"
California is only state to get A rating in schools science standards.
California coast.
Joshua trees in the Southern California desert are in 'once-in-a-lifetime' bloom
"Dianne Feinstein is cosponsoring S.968, the senate version of SOPA which will censor the Internet"
Feds order California pot shops to close within 45 days
Have you ever been to a beach bonfire?
"Huell Howser, who coined ""That's Amazing!"", is retiring"
LA becomes largest US city to ban single-use plastic bags
"Janet Napolitano cashes in: $575K Salary, Free House, $8K Car Allowance, $142K For Move"
"Emails should be protected like regular mail, State Sen. Mark Leno says"
Just a post letting everyone in California know that we hope you stay safe during hurricane Sandy.
"UC Davis Chief Overrules Panel, Fires Pepper Spraying Officer - (Panel said he ""Acted Reasonably"" when he pepper sprayed sitting, immobile, non-threatening students.)"
"Vote Against Feinstein, because she votes for CISPA."
Just cops pepper spraying UC Davis students engaging in civil disobedience while they were occupying.
Los Angeles Halts Using Electricity From Coal Plants
"Anaheim police attack men, women, and children with rubber bullets and police dogs."
Two Men attempted to enter my home - Careful Los Angeles County &amp; Orange County (x-post from r/orangecounty)
California Highway Patrol posts rules for legal lane-splitting by motorcyclists
"Looking for a handy all-in-one table of non-profit, union, newspaper, and political party endorsements for CA propositions? You're welcome."
A woman who California lottery officials believe purchased a ticket worth $23 million has less than a month to claim the jackpot (Pic) Do you recognize her?
TODAY IS THE LAST DAY TO REGISTER TO VOTE in California for the Presidential Election! You can vote entirely online now via this link!
A third of all the produce grown in the United States comes from California’s Central Valley. So why are we treating it so badly?
Marijuana Dispensary Bans Overturned by California Court
"KIDNAPPED: 13 yr old Girl (Madison Watson) from ELK GROVE, CALIFORNIA. Keep an eye out fellow California Reddit Enthusiasts!"
Dear East Coast: 5.8? pssshhh -From California
Feds Bust 103 Medical Pot Dispensaries in SoCal
Panorama from Mount Tamalpais
"Me and some friends visited California from North West England in summer 2012, one of them just finished editing a video from footage taken throughout the trip. Pretty much sums up how beautiful California is and all the incredible stuff you can do there. Thanks so much California!"
Bakersfield cops beat man to death then confiscate witness cellphones
Bragging rapist called father of 16-year-old victim: Trial begins in horrific 20-man homecoming dance gang-rape case.
"The ""Californian Accent"""
"Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom: ""The War on Drugs is an Abject Failure"""
Los Angeles becomes first major city with synchronised street lights
"Supporters Turn In 50,000 Signatures, LA Marijuana Dispensary Ban Suspended"
"It's about time we had a logo, how does this one look?"
"New gas tax kicks in, Californians now pay the highest gas tax rate in the nation"
California lawmakers drove less and saved money without state-paid cars
Winter Gas is Coming
Help find this missing Cal Poly Student
California Is America's Least Favorite State
State Ballot Measure Results
Gov. Jerry Brown and lawmakers to take 5% pay cut
California Medical Association calls for legalization of marijuana
California wildfire has been blazing out of control on 10-mile path near Ventura County.
California Dairy Farm Life
"""Too white, too right and too uptight,"" says a veteran political consultant. ""That's why the Republican Party can't come back in California."""
Why I love Northern California - Baby Bear!
"Californians Back Taxes to Avoid Education Cuts. Voters heeded the pleas of Gov. Jerry Brown, who said the new revenues were necessary to save the state’s public schools and balance the budget."
Harvard And Yale Now Less Costly Than Public California Universities
"r/California, this is a voter initiative to regulate marijuana like wine.  Volunteer support is needed from those in state!  I'll post to r/trees for donation support."
Samurai sword-wielding homeowner kills armed robber in California
"Instead of forcing the porn industry into using condoms, the LA County condom mandate has only pushed the industry into the surrounding suburbs."
CISPA passed in the House. Here's a quick list of how California's representatives voted.
dat cali sunset yo.
What I decided to do with all of this rain we've been getting (X-post from r/whitewater)
California Is Suddenly Adding Jobs Faster Than Texas—Why? 
$42.6 million found in Los Angeles city coffers after auditors uncover accounting error
Finally found a detailed article on HWY-395 and the places to visit from the highway...they've actually got some hidden gems i've never heard of in the Sierras
Medical pot: California Supreme Court allows cities to ban weed dispensaries
"Just 76 percent of California's high schoolers graduate, putting us 32nd in the nation now, roughly on par with most Southern states."
Don't like the new UC logo? Sign the petition against it.
California passes resolution defining criticism of Israel as anti-Semitism
California trying to pass a bill that will make fast food restaurants meet strict cleaning standards on playgrounds (xpost r/FoodNews)
California State University departments rebel over resident enrollment dilemma: California graduate students will not be admitted for spring term while  nonresidents welcomed.
Elon Musk has released details of his theoretical Hyperloop
Gavin Newsom Says the Year for Marijuana Legalization in California Is 2016
Same-sex weddings underway in California
"Employees were allegedly forced to work 11-hour days, six days a week for less than $4 an hour at this restaurant in San Francisco"
Every time I visit from school in the Midwest...
"To cut STD rate, California considers condoms in prison"
California highways [still] among worst in the nation
"The new budget bill would eviscerate the California Public Records Act, allowing government to work almost entirely in secret"
The State Holds $6.1 Billion in Unclaimed Money: Check the California State Controller's Site If You Have Any
Dunkin' Donuts to return to Southern California with 150 stores
Jerry Brown has early-stage prostate cancer
"TIL Grizzly Bears are now extinct in California but they were once so prevalent, one (modeled after a bear named Monarch) is on the State Flag "
Some brief thoughts on the 2012 California Propositions.  Anybody else?
Would you guys support a mandate that would require genetically modified food to be labeled in CA?
California Set to Adopt Election Day Registration
Monsanto donates $4.2 million to defeat California GMO labeling initiative - (The labels would have been exponentially cheaper)
Bakersfield power plant demolition injures 5 onlookers; man loses leg due to flying debris
Massive scam sends California teens to drug rehab for no reason
"As World’s Largest Solar Thermal Plant Opens, California Looks to End Solar Wars"
"L.A.'s New Mayor Is OK With Legalizing Cannabis | ""If in the future, California's voters want [cannabis] for casual use, for me, it's not a problem"""
"Six current and former employees of the San Francisco Unified School District charged with grand theft, falsifying documents and perjury for diverting grant money into bonuses, slush funds and unwarranted pay increases."
Would California be more successful as an independent country rather than as a state? [x-Post from r/ELI5]
Prop. 30 funds for UC will go to Wall Street
Supporters who raised private funds to keep Northern California's largest state park open demand their money back if hidden funds are not used now.
"Sen. Boxer supports the PROTECT-IP act. In her defense, I guess it IS hard to compete with $1.3m in industry contributions"
"Concord, CA: Owners of elderly cocker spaniel shot by police seek apology, dog shot in backyard during neighborhood ""suspicious person"" search"
San Onofre nuclear power station to close permanently.
California Shipping Lanes Moved in Attempt to Avoid Killing Whales
California tax revenues yield multibillion-dollar surplus for the state
"California rail, bus, and ferry map"
Kings sold to Seattle
The Griffith Observatory 
On the northern road in to death valley. 
The actual top of Tahoe
"Olympic Medal Count: USC 24, Cal &amp; Stanford 16, Washington 11, UCLA 8, Arizona 4, Oregon 3, ASU 2 - Pacific Takes"
"Huntington Beach Pier, circa 1996"
Santa Barbara 
The state of California has eliminated ALL state funding for every library in California.
"A California sunset from the San Gabriel Mountains, overlooking Los Angeles."
Snoopy License Plates Approved for California!
His day is totally being over-shadowed because Jesus had to have his SECOND holiday.
New Moving to California subreddit
Republican losses show Inland Empire's political shift - Voters in Riverside and San Bernardino counties on Tuesday elected three Democrats to Congress — two Latinos and a gay Asian American
California lawmakers approved legislation Friday that would allow illegal immigrants to voluntarily join a program and pay state income taxes in exchange for leniency in their immigration status.
Huell Howser's California - Places visited by California's Gold (and other Huell Howswer shows)
California Supreme Court Denies Bid to Halt Same-Sex Marriages in State
The Santa Barbara sky.
"Jeff Olson, California Man, Faces 13 Years In Jail For Writing Anti-Big Bank Messages In Chalk"
The California Coastal Trail will run from Oregon to Mexico and pass through 15 counties
Ronald Reagan and the fall of the UC System (LA Times Op-Ed)
"Eric Garcetti, LA Mayoral Frontrunner, Calls On Federal Government To End Cannabis 'Hypocrisy'"
Sacramento is working on an ordinance that would require protesters to pay for a permit and liability insurance. Protesting would also be limited to business hours during the week.
Police: Venice Beach Boardwalk driver 'bent on doing evil' - Many injured by car deliberately aiming for them. A woman on her honeymoon killed.
Asiana Airlines to sue SF TV station that aired fake pilot names
California to resume same-sex marriages immediately after 9th Circuit lifts stay
California-Vegas party train could hit tracks in 2013 
California- 3 Strikes reform is on the ballot
Would you support a Californian secession?
California's primary is Tuesday. Don't forget to vote.
Blogger visiting all 70 of the California State Parks on the closure list to raise awareness 
Sacramento is threatening the owners of a small independent gym with fines of up to $1000 a day simply for using a sandwich board to advertise their business
Smartphone Maps While Driving Banned In California
We're getting a train! - High speed rail gets the go ahead
"California's truly loopy tax loophole -- Giving companies doing business in California a tax incentive not to hire or invest here is costing the state $1 billion a year. It's time to change the law.

"
A view of the Central Valley after a rainstorm. This is why I love it here.
"A lawsuit argues that Prop. 13 was improperly approved. If it succeeded, it would wipe out a system that has governed California for more than 30 years."
12 U.C. administrators and attorneys received raises of between 6.4% and 23% as the university considers further fee increases.
"64% of Californians willing to pay higher taxes for better schools

"
"After 16,437 consecutive days of running, California man ends streak"
Amtrak California passengers traveling with bicycles can reserve onboard bike rack space free of charge beginning June 1
California's attorney general won't investigate the UC Davis pepper spraying incident.
"Great site!  Click on any county on the CA Map, and it lists all the Ghost Towns located therein-- w/ directions!  "
L.A. to San Francisco in 30 minutes?
"Campaign contributions from the oil industry flooded into the California Legislature before it killed several bills that would have closely regulated the use of hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, to get oil and gas from the ground"
"Gov. Jerry Brown delivered a triumphant State of the State speech on Thursday morning, saying California has once again confounded its critics to become a model for the rest of the nation. DISCUSS."
A Rare Chance to Save Acres of Redwood Trees.The San Francisco-based Save the Redwoods League hopes to purchase what experts say is the third-largest old-growth redwoods grove in the area from a family who has owned the land for 38 years.
California releases $39.8m for Caltrain modernisation project and high-speed rail 
65 of 70 State parks to be saved
"Northeastern California might be remote, but it's beautiful"
Plan for Yosemite calls for scaling back human activity
Here is a list of california representatives that voted AGAINST the extension of the patriot act. Encourage their interest in upholding the constitution.
Olympics 2024: Los Angeles First City To Formally Express Interest In Hosting Summer Events
Do Californians have an accent? Listen to some examples and add your own
Taxes Don't Drive Out California Rich: Study 
Koch Brothers pump $4 million into California's Prop 32 union-killing bill
"Fellow Californians: The deadline to register to vote in the June 5, 2012 election (or change party affiliation) is May 21. Just a reminder."
The Daily Show on California's voter initiatives
"1,021 drivers stopped at Burbank DUI checkpoint; 0 were drunk"
"Governor Jerry Brown of California declares June, LGBT Pride month | The Guardian Express"
California Senate approves gun-control bills
Hispanic population will overtake whites in California by next year
"Thought this was interesting: Arnold Schwarzenegger did dozens of weekly addresses on YouTube during his governorship,  yet most of the videos only have ~2,000 views"
Driving somewhere? There's a government record of that.
The Dream of a 4 a.m. Last Call in California is Dead (for Now)
Los Angeles on high alert as LAPD back on regular duty
"California City Manager Paid $677,172. Runs Town of 5,000 "
"Megabus is back in CA. As low as $1 per trip to travel from Los Angeles to San Francisco, San Jose, Oakland and Las Vegas."
Predatory towing in California - know your rights
University of California approves raises and bonuses for more than a dozen top administrators as they consider raising tuition as much as 16% per year.
"Jerry Brown backs going forward with high-speed rail project saying ""I would like to be part of the group that gets America to think big again."""
California Cannabis Hemp Initiative - 100% Legalization
Calif. Solar Power Output Hits Record High
"Escaped Orange County, California mental patient obsessed with Sandy Hook - Police warning public to be on the lookout for him [x-post from r/news]"
"Tried r/Justiceporn , apparently that's the wrong avenue... Please help reunite a mother with her daughter."
Why Do People Leave California?
"I shed a tear - More than 13,000 boxes of Girl Scout Cookies trashed"
The First Public Fruit Park in California Opens
6.3-mag. ocean earthquake hits off Southern California coast
"Another day, another fire in Southern California"
I was bored with my life and created an In-N-Out subreddit. (x-post from r/LosAngeles) 
"A Disease Without a Cure Spreads Quietly in the West: Coccidioidomycosis is an airborne fungal disease in which microscopic spores in the soil take flight on the wind to lodge in the lungs - and in extreme instances, spreads to the bones, skin, eyes, or brain."
"Stockton, California: 'This economy is garbage'"
"UC regents discuss 6% tuition hike for next fall. Regents then approve the hiring of a new chancellor at UC San Diego at an annual salary of $411,084."
Photographer's Excellent Look at Rural California
"Here's a map that I made of all the subreddits in California, hopefully this will help people find their local subreddits easier."
"Santa Monica shooting: two dead, six transported to hospitals"
"A check of the California State Teachers' Retirement System shows that 77 retired superintendents - some from very small districts - are spending their golden years earning pensions of more than $200,000 a year.

"
"Flex Alert issued for California: Turn off unnecessary lights, AC, and major appliances until 6 p.m."
Now I love Chipotle even more!
"I don't know if you have seen this, but I can't stop watching it! (SNL skit, ""The Californians"")"
'South California' for 51st state?
Dog missing in Napa (x-post in /r/napa)
A new documentary about wildlife on the Catalina Island. We need help!
" More than 850,000 people in California ages 16 to 24 are neither in school nor working- 6.5 million nationwide and growing."
"It's done. Despite $750 million budget cut, Cal State approves $300K+ base pay, $12k car allowance and $60k housing allowance for two presidents. Doesn't seem right."
"Thousands of gas meters and underground gas lines are leaking across the state of California, and the utility that owns the lines is aware, but not telling homeowners, investigation finds. ""We've come to find out they're supposed to come out and fix them, and they don't do it."""
"""Stopped they must be; on this all depends."" --Yoda"
"I &lt;3 California.  Oh and you're welcome Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Texas."
"On the same day CSU tuition is hiked another 12% board approves a $400,000 salary for CSU SD president; 100k higher than the last."
Hollywood facing summer crisis with multiple big budget flops - Hollywood is facing a summer crisis after unprecedented series of films with budgets of more than $100 million flopped at the box office
Now Darrell Issa’s on the hot seat
Paramount Studios map from 1927 showing parts of California that they used for different global shooting locations.
"In May this year, a friend and me traveled trough California. With the help of /r/California, it became the trip of a lifetime. Check out our road movie!"
LA City Council Votes to Ban Hundreds of Marijuana Dispensaries 
The Oakland Strike Is Getting Huge 
I'm beginning to have a lot of respect for Jerry Brown
Downtown LA Drill To Feature Random Bag Checks At Union Station
Swimmer swept over Yosemite waterfall
"California Schools Need More Teachers, Not Evaluations"
"Petroglyph thefts near Bishop stun federal authorities, Paiutes - At least four ancient petroglyphs were cut from cliffs at the Volcanic Tableland and dozens of others damaged in 'the worst act of vandalism ever seen' on federal lands in the area."
Labor Day at Pine Mountain Lake (or another reason why I love California).
Phone picture of the eclipse (Laguna Hills)
"Champion of California coast dies-- Peter Douglas, who did more than any other Californian over the past 40 years to preserve the state's coastline, died at age 69. He helped set up the California Coastal Commission and retired last fall after 34 years of service."
This made me very sad when I noticed it.
"San Diego Zoo, at $166 for family of four, tops list on price. Since 2009, the cost of admission has gone up 26 percent for grown-ups and 31 percent for children."
"My cat that I've had for 10 years ran away right before I had to leave California, could anyone lend a hand?"
NY Times article by Michael Pollan about Prop 37 (genetically modified food labelling) and what it means to Monsanto and other food corporations
"Cal State Monterey Bay sued for illegal campaigning by sending an email to students that urges them to “work together to pass Prop. 30"" to raise taxes."
Today has started out good for me.
UC tuition will rise 20% in January unless voters approve tax hike
Occupy .... Big Sur? This is the last place I expected to see an OWS protest. Can't beat the view though!
White Supremacist In California Gets 26 Years-To-Life In Prison For Brutal Murder Of Child Molester
"California unemployment rate drops to 9.6%, state adds 41,200 jobs."
How hard would it to get a Prop on the ballot to keep the time at Standard time and stop Daylight Savings time?
"Seriously, WTF is up with San Bernardino?!"
California for Beginners [FIXED]
In your opinion what are the main differences between NorCal and SoCal?
California hits solar power milestone
Record 18.2 million Californians registered to vote
"At the end of February, state Sen. Mark Leno introduced a bill that would make drug possession for personal use a misdemeanor in California."
"Two Fullerton, California police officers have been charged with murder and manslaughter in the violent confrontation that left a homeless man dead, the Orange County D.A. announced. "
"There's no reward for a job poorly done, California lawmakers were told on Tuesday as their wages and expense pay were suspended after passing a budget that did not ""add up."""
"Two California pot farmers 'kidnapped girl, 15, in April and kept her as a sex slave in 4-foot metal box'"
"Plane crashes and hits FedEx truck in San Luis Obispo, 1 person killed."
"Happy 35th Birthday, Tax Revolt! Thanks For Destroying California"
"California Neighborhood Sinking Into the Ground for Unknown Reason [Lakeport, Calif]"
Last Saturday I spent close to 4 hours sitting in traffic on the 15 south of Temecula. Turns out it was because some nutjob thought zombies were chasing him and he rolled a semi truck full of strawberries.
Atherton / Menlo Park lawsuit against High Speed Rail on the Caltrain corridor dismissed after nearly 5 years
"Dr. Jerry Buss, long time owner of the Lakers, dies at 80"
California Shows Signs of Resurgence - NYTimes.com
Gas shortage that caused high prices in October may not have been a real shortage....
6 Modesto bank employees were hospitalized after customer handed them money wrapped in paper towel
"Reddit, my sister disappeared; have you seen her?"
I went to the California State Fair a couple days ago and thought I'd share a few of the photos I took
"Redditors of California, have you had a positive and/or financially beneficial experience installing solar panels via a state or local incentive program?"
Bumper sticker on the 101 in SF Valley (x-post from r/pics)
The New Tallest Building on the West Coast
Massive manhunt for ex-LAPD cop wanted for three killings
"California lawmakers urged to toughen state's gun and ammunition laws: The proposals would, among other actions, regulate and tax ammunition sales and end the ""grandfathering"" of weapons that are now illegal to purchase but still legal to possess."
California car owners get a chance at vintage plates
I found dog in Lompoc and I need help finding its owner! Lets make a Christmas miracle!
"U.S. Coast Guard chief petty officer killed after smugglers ram his vessel off the Ventura County coast.
"
"Voters and FBI put on alert: Massive deceptions found in the No on 37 campaign, all documented"
Obama's War On Marijuana In California: Cannabis Crackdown Has Dire Economic Consequences
Good morning California 
"Police chief’s $204,000 pension shows how California's cities crashed"
"TIL: Emperor Norton, the famous 19th century SF eccentric, despised the term ""Frisco"" so much he proclaimed it a high misdemeanor with a fine of $25.  "
In-N-Out Secret Menu.
Why Are West Coast Gas Prices Rising While Dropping Everywhere Else?
Tell California Lawmakers: Don't Privatize Public Libraries
L.A. Police Commission votes to kill red-light camera program
Dear Californians:  From a NYer
The complaint made by drug dealers throughout Golden Gate Park is that California’s legal dispensaries for “medical marijuana” have depressed prices and stolen away their customer base.
"Why Some California Schools Want To Expel Suspensions, Question Their Usefulness"
AB 351 limits the federal government's suspension of habeaus corpus for California residents and prohibits California authorities from assisting the federal government with NDAA investigations/arrests.
"First drunk-driving conviction can cost nearly $16,000 in California"
Unlicensed Drivers Three Times As Likely To Be Involved In Fatal Crash In Calif.
Gov. Jerry Brown: California's budget deficit is gone (Sacbee)
"After 144 years with the same old Victorian seal, the University of California has decided to go mod.
 -- University of California introduces a modern logo "
Striking L.A. Port Clerks Cost U.S. $1 Billion a Day - Bloomberg
Two hundred school districts across California have borrowed billions of dollars using costly and risky capital appreciation bonds and may have to pay 10 to 20 times the amount borrowed.
California becomes first state to ban Styrofoam containers - begins 2016
A Quest for you Californians! - Help a guy out.
"Millions of Californians have lost dental insurance in recent years as the state cut Medi-Cal dental benefits and the number of people with private insurance fell, sending more people to emergency rooms for care.
"
"Calif lawmakers altered 5,000 votes."
San Francisco Is America's Best City in 2012
California's Immigrants by Numbers
"After Chris Christie's speech at the RNC attacking Jerry Brown as an ""old retread"", Governor Brown challenges Chris Christie to a fitness contest."
You don't need a membership to purchase alcohol from Costco or Sam's Club in California [x-post from YSK] 
"""Proposition 32 would stop unions from engaging in political activity while letting corporations do as much of it as their little hearts desire."""
"User xxgoozxx posts in /r/randomkindness: ""Any 0- or A- blood donors in the Southern California Area, a 5-year-old girl's life is at stake...11th hour plea"""
The First Satellite Map of California (1851)
"In a push to expand across California without interference, Walmart is increasingly taking advantage of the state's initiative system to threaten elected officials with costly special elections and to avoid environmental lawsuits."
A list of California credit unions by location.
"SF students without whooping cough vaccinations will be barred from class
"
"The California Supreme Court refused Wednesday to revive Proposition 8, ending the last remaining legal challenge to same-sex marriage in the state."
"Decorated, wounded Marine treated 'shamefully' by security screeners : ""Kemnitz was visiting the [state capitol building in Sacramento, Calif.] to be honored as his legislative district’s veteran of the year."""
L.A. plastic bag ban catches some shoppers off guard
"San Francisco's first Non-Profit Bar!, drink for charity."
"Bob Fletcher, an unsung hero who managed the fruit farms of interned Japanese-Americans during WWII despite the resentment of his neighbors, died on May 23rd in Sacramento at 101 years old."
"3"" Bolts were found broken on the new Bay Bridge"
A mysterious seven-mile-long dolphin stampede is currently taking place off the coast of San Diego (with video!)
"Fontana, Ca weather at the moment, along with thunder and lightning. (OP also posted in /r/pics)"
California State Controller unclaimed property search. Found out I am owed $100 from a security deposit. 
"Highest-Paid California Trooper Is Chief Banking $484,000 - Yahoo! Finance"
"Redditors motorcycle has been stolen, keep an eye out! Details in comment. (California) X-Post from /r/Motorcycles"
California's 2/3 rule protects the rich at the expense of everyone else.
"California Pirate Party: Politics, Philosophy and Activism Hits the Ground in California"
"Gas prices are going down nationwide - but not in California - Gasoline manufacturers have shut down California refineries for ""maintenance"""
AMBER Alert (missing children) for California.
Please help!!! My teacher from high school is missing in the mountains in California...please share! (Link in comments)
Gov. Jerry Brown signs bill for education funding
TIL California has the third longest constitution in the world behind Alabama and India.
"TIL in California the marginal tax rate (state incomes taxes) is the same for people earning $48,029 and a million dollars. It's the highest rate (9.3%) and it starts at $48k! No wonder we are broke. "
California Gas Stations Begin to Shut on Record-High Prices
Amazon.com just got way more expensive for us in California
Cash is pouring into California in an effort to quash a popular ballot initiative that'd require labeling of GMO food.
Obama's Attorney Has Come Unhinged: Melinda Haag's Crusade Against Medical Pot Jeopardizes California's Safety 
More than $1 million spent on home renovations for CSU presidents
California Food Truck Ban Cooks Up Growing Opposition
Vital Information for Your So-Cal Life
"California billionaires plan to place $10-billion tax hike on 2012 ballot. Acting as the Think Long Committee, they want to change the tax system to increase money for public schools and universities and for local governments."
"""Affirmative action"" bake sale by student Republicans to protest a bill to let the University of California and the California State University to again use ethnicity in student admissions hits a nerve on campus."
Dozens of pesticides widely used on Central Valley farm crops have been detected in the bodies of frogs throughout the remote High Sierra.
"In California Cities, Drivers Want More Bike Lanes. Here’s Why."
Toyota Prius hybrid was top-selling car in California
"Abandoned WW2 Bunker, San Francisco [Album]"
Catalina Island: A Wildlife Documentary - a worthwhile Kickstarter highlighting the unique Pacific Island's diversity
"CSU, Chico Suspends Social Greek Organizations"
"Reddit, my english teacher has been missing for the past few days if any of you live in California, especially the Bay Area, please contact the police with any info you may have. [Info/Pics Inside]"
Voting Reminder and Polling Place Finder!
Jerry Brown to sign California Dream Act
Gov. Brown:  Here’s $450 million for the CA budget.
California asks Supreme Court to halt inmate releases.
Jerry Brown signs California budget into law
"As a lifelong Californian, that was the first earthquake I ever really felt."
RIVERSIDE: Guard shoots driver outside marijuana dispensary
California Medical Marijuana Crackdown Ramps Up As More Dispensaries Targeted For Closure
California bill says homeless have a right to be on the street.
SB 635 is a bill to extend last call in California to 4AM. This is a petition in support of SB 635
Graffiti force closure of Joshua Tree park sites
California Governor Orders Winter Gas Switch  
Bad news for Westboro - Gov. Brown signs bill to outlaw protests at funerals
"$800m Metro Gold Line extension is planned to run mostly at street level through six stations, including Glendora, San Dimas, La Verne, Pomona, Claremont and Montclair"
Underfunding CA community colleges.
"Arnold Schwarzenegger: GOP, take down that small tent
"
20 places every California kid should see (+ lots more in comment section)
Shark fin soup one step closer to being banned in California 
Nice view of the transamerica building in San Francisco.
Fremont police to offer pay-to-stay jail program - AP State News - The Sacramento Bee
"BART workers OK strike authorization, raising fears of Bay Area commuter chaos"
"Sen. Feinstein on Edward Snowden: ""The chase is on"""
Manhunt for ex-cop resumes in California mountain range
"ELI5: If Los Angeles is one city, why are there separate cities within it?"
California DMV renews blind man's license
"""An extraordinary opportunity to reset the contours of state government"" - After supermajority elected, Prop 13 shackles on California potentially unlocked!"
Comcast to close all California call centers.
This is a photograph of the fire that broke out in Palm Springs on 7/10/2012. I was staying across the street at a hotel and we had to evacuate because smoke was pouring into our courtyard and hallways. [OC] [2696 x 1796]
I went to visit an old friend this week (sorry for the camera shot - I haven't edited my camera pictures yet)
Poll finds big increase in support for gay marriage in California
"California's Three-strikes law costly and ineffective, study says"
A friend's 13 year old cousin has gone missing from Sacramento....
"r/California, We are the largest state in the Union, yet r/Texas has more members.  I simply won't stand for this!"
The California state Senate voted 28-8 to exempt itself from gun-control laws that apply to the rest of the populace.
FBI raids offices of state Sen. Ron Calderon
"California's enterprise program was established to give tax breaks for companies that create jobs in economically distressed areas. Yet interviews and documents reveal some zones are located in well-off areas, including San Francisco’s SoMa neighborhood, home to many software and tech firms."
Corrosion plagues new Bay Bridge span
Promoting Hinduism? Parents Demand Removal Of School Yoga Class [NPR]
"California Poverty Rate Highest In Nation, Based On New Census Department Figures"
Can anyone answer these questions about Prop 35 (Human Sex Trafficking)? I'm trying to make an informed vote.
Meteor hits Northern California? Anyone see it?
Contact Gov. Brown to support AB 2348: let RNs dispense birth control pills to women in addition to doctors
California's Prop. 34 (Death Penalty) is coming up on the ballot. Which way should I vote and why? I'd like to know the facts and statistics.
Petition: California Coastal Commission: Stop the removal of 60 fire rings at Big Corona State Beach and Balboa. | This will spread up the coast to all beaches in time....lets nip it in the bud
"Keep California's bullet train on track: 
Despite recent negative reviews by experts, in the long term the rail project still makes sense"
"Ban on handgun open carry pushes activists to carry unloaded long guns, as the only legal way to carry in many parts of the state."
Missing girl may be heading to Humboldt and/or Arcata; please keep an eye out for Haley.
"California state Atty. Gen. Kamala Harris refuses to let five big banks get off easy in the mortgage mess.
"
"California's redistricting, by 14 citizens -- I'm proud that we were able to eliminate partisan gerrymandering and draw 177 districts for the state Assembly and Senate, Board of Equalization and Congress on time and under budget."
California Voters Favor Taxing the Rich to Fend Off School Cuts
Sea lion pup rescued from 5 Freeway onramp in San Diego
Bakersfield tornado confirmed by NWS
Assembly panel approves bill to restrict ammunition sales in California
"Brentwood Unified School District refused to fire a teacher after she kicked a 5 year old “special needs” student to the floor, stating their hands were tied due to “flaws in the California Education Code.”"
Pinnacles in California named nation’s 59th national park
"Hantavirus remains rare, but potentially deadly. Here are few things you should know."
"Okay SJSU Redditors, which one of you lives in CVA? "
California state legislature approves Location Privacy Act
Endangered Whales Invade California Coastal Waters
California GOP sinking into third-party status
California Senate votes to allow self-driving cars 
California Assemblyman Nathan Fletcher quits GOP
"Jerry Brown vetoes bill to let colleges consider race, gender - Sac Bee"
"Governor Brown to Legislature: ""Get stuffed"""
Banking for California's Future | Wall Street's not cutting it: California's legislature voted to do a feasibility study on establishing a state-owned bank.  (xpost progressive)
"""California has shifted $ from students to prisoners"" -- UC Riverside professor"
"San Francisco's new police chief gives up his SUV, his driver and a $20,000 cost-of-living increase, and eliminates three assistant chief posts "
Amber Alert 2 Kids Missing
Gnarly California Legislators surfing in Earth Day video
California Democrats lose supermajority in state Senate
List: California's new rules of the road for 2013
Police arrest 15-year-old after pulling a knife on parents and planning shootings at Modoc High School in Alturas with .30-caliber rifle.
An excellent video about one of the most surreal environments in North America - the Salton Sea
Judge backs California high-speed rail over farmers 
47 of 50 Convicted Inmates Are Against Prop 34 Which Would Halt the Death Penalty
Medical marijuana backers seek to repeal L.A. dispensary ban
Oil refinery fire in Richmond. Bay Area residents advised to stay indoors.
AT&amp;T wields enormous power in Sacramento -- No other single corporation has spent more trying to influence legislators in recent years. 
"Unable to find a mate in the Golden State, California's lone wolf has returned to Oregon.
"
Free legal guides published by the CA State Bar (new topics added since I posted this link 2 years ago)
"Embattled with numerous claims of sexual harassment, San Diego Mayor Filner now facing recall petition"
Government agencies among biggest toll violators in Bay Area
"California drivers this morning, arg!!!! (NOT at a stop light or stop sign)"
4.4 earthquake hits Yorba Linda
Driving Tax being considered 
A former L.A. cop calls for legalizing drugs - LA Times
Feds raid major Sacramento pot dispensary
"GOP in CA Hired 'Professional Con Artist' Who Turned in Thousands of Fraudulent Voter Registrations in $50,000 'Bounty' Scheme"
78% of California's 8th graders fail national science test
California urged to consider non-seniority-based teacher layoffs
"This is why you don't ""Willingly"" give your car to a cop to chase someone."
"Poll shows strong support for Jerry Brown's tax hike proposal
"
"Riverside County to charge prisoners $142 per day - Nov. 9, 2011"
Governor signs shark fin ban
University of California income from tuition will surpass state funding for the first time in state history
Gov. blasts California universities' hiring of pricey presidents
Firefighters gaining ground on California blazes
Multiculti U.: The budget-strapped University of California squanders millions on mindless diversity programs
"A California student accused of filing a false rape report with police had placed an ad on Craigslist in which she sought to hire someone to beat her in exchange for sex, according to prosecutors."
"Driver loses control, lands on neighbor's roof in Glendale."
"California's rent is second-highest in the nation, right behind Hawaii"
"
Why California Politics Is Different from the Rest of the Country"
"Jerry Brown on Rick Perry's ad: 'Barely a fart'

"
San Francisco Supervisors Approve 220 Square Foot Apartments
California Leading U.S. Out of Housing Bust
"Over 6,000 subscribers for r/California (yet we're still the 2nd largest state reddit behind r/Texas). :("
The Incredible Saga of the Salton Sea
"California's economy grew 2 percent in 2011, faster than national average"
Stretch of Northern California coast to be permanently protected
California Trims $30 Billion From Cost of New Bullet Train
It is time to force Dianne Feinstein to retire.  
Off the Pacific Coast Highway (Crosspost from AmateurEarthPorn)
Jerry Brown shuts down government transparency website
New marijuana initiative to regulate and tax pot in California
"Health insurer Blue Shield of California, which last summer said it would return $167 million in excess profit to nearly 2 million policyholders, now says it will give them an additional $283 million in December."
"This makes me want to fly to Syria: ""UCLA college kid joins Libya rebels for 'vacation'"""
Proposed California Law Would Require Social Networks to be Private by Default
"Three dozen of the University of California's highest-paid executives are threatening to sue unless UC agrees to spend tens of millions of dollars to dramatically increase retirement benefits for employees earning more than $245,000"
"Climate change may be speeding coast redwood, giant sequoia growth."
Jerry Brown's Last Chance to Save California
Man set on fire inside his SUV at 7-Eleven in Long Beach after refusing to give a beggar any money.
Arrest in Los Angeles serial stranglings during 1980s prompts investigations in 9 states.
Girlfriend given less than 24 hours eviction notice. 
Cave full of weapons discovered by California deputies
The Official Guide to California State Propositions
fivethirtyeight's break down of Californian voting patterns
"Ahhh, the bullet train!"
"California added 99,000 drivers but cut gasoline use in 2011"
Anything similar to this in California? How/where could I go about obtaining a personal copy of this. Thanks fellow Californians :)
Another picture of the California coast right off of state rout 1.
"Awesome sunrise today over Granite Bay, Ca"
Zimmerman verdict: Protesters storm Wal-Mart in Crenshaw area.
WATCH: Dozens injured due to malfunction at California fireworks show
California budget deal reached by Gov. Brown and lawmakers
AQMD study: The smoke from one beach fire pit generates the same pollution as a heavy-duty diesel truck traveling 564 miles
CALIF. BILL WOULD LET NON-CITIZENS SERVE ON JURIES
Missing Girl In Red Bluff California
Ban on flea-market animal sales proposed by California lawmaker
"Riverside officers ambushed, one dead the other injured.  Also another officer involved shooting in Corona.  Both shootings linked to former LAPD officer."
The hellhole that is California (Daily Kos)
California To Hit Startup Founders with Big Retroactive Tax Bills
"Marijuana, Not Yet Legal for Californians, Might as Well Be"
Cheap Bus Service From Bay Area To L.A.
California’s Deceptive Prop 32 Would Solidify the Corrupting Influence of Corporate Wealth and Power Under the Guise of Special Interest 'Reform'
San Mateo County student transfers probed - Chinese American students are being reassigned to lower-performing schools to increase the schools test scores.
Lawmakers in Sacramento give raises to their aides first before cutting other workers' pay
California needs to examine Proposition 13 based on new narrative
California is most prepared for health care law
California poised to require 'solar ready roofs' on new homes and buildings 
"""Basically, if you don't own a piece of Facebook or Google and you haven't robbed a bank and don't have rich parents, then your chances of being able to buy a house or raise a family in the Bay Area or in most of coastal California is pretty weak,"" says Mr. Kotkin."
"Subway Kills Five-Dollar Footlongs in S.F. Due to ""Higher Cost of Doing Business"""
"LA County OKs $1,000 Fine For Throwing Football, Frisbee On Beaches "
"University of California gets 4,584-acre forestland donation
"
End minority rule in California -- California can no longer afford to let the two-thirds mandate decide its future.
Fresno female teacher arrested for performing oral sex on 14-year-old male student 
"Repeal the death penalty in California -- Each execution costs taxpayers $308 million, a colossal waste."
Crosspost from /r/bayarea - Bill in legislature to allow cities to shorten yellow traffic light time from 3.6 seconds to 3.2 seconds and generate a significant amount of additional revenue from red light camera tickets under consideration.
TIL why I-5 is backwards on the Grapevine.  
"Are We Trading Our Health For Oil in New, Fracking-Induced California Gold Rush?"
"Pressure makes Capitol backtrack on gutting public records law -- Gov. Brown &amp; the Legislature reverse course on allowing local governments the option of blocking access to public records, thanks to outrage from media and citizens"
Middle Class Scholarship Act Passed in Legislature
TIL the bear on the California state flag is extinct.
What do you love most about California?
"I attended the Huell Howser Memorial and recorded the entire thing. It was an interesting event. 4 parts, here's part 1"
Reforming California is easier said than done - California has a long history of deflecting efforts to make the state function better. Experts say now is not the time to give up trying.
Don't forget to register to vote! October 22nd is the deadline for online registration.
Self-driving cars now legal in California
"CHP car rammed, shot at in Oakland "
San Bernardino seeks bankruptcy protection - latimes.com
"California Committing Educational Suicide | ""...state support for higher education has plummeted by a third and tuition charges have skyrocketed to make up the difference."""
"Mad Cow Found in California … Because Cows Are Being Fed Blood, Animal Parts and Feces"
Oxnard School District junior high teacher fired for appearing in numerous pornographic videos fights for her job back.
"Officials announce sweeping overhaul of California prisons
"
CalJobs.ca.gov is terrifying. They've got my SSN and their max password length is 8 characters? Only government...
Iraqi Woman Severely Beaten in Calif. Home Dies - ABC News
"The mayor of Richmond, Calif., is recognizing worker-owned co-ops as a possible path out of the poverty and unemployment that plague her city."
Hi /r/California I would like to ask your help with a small project
Rough week weather-wise in Death Valley
Questions about legality and reporting.
"Out-of-state Football Players Seek California Worker's Comp $$$. Of 1,800 Claims, 373 w/ CA Address."
Lessons From a Comeback: Paul Krugman on California NYT
State’s community colleges spend millions on duplicative administrators
California now tied for worst unemployment rate
"Los Angeles SEIU union executive convicted of stealing from 190,000 low-income homecare workers."
California's 2012 average gas price was $4.028 a gallon
Happy Hanuka - Bloods vs Mexican Mafia
2 Libertarian Officials Re-elected in California
Paso
High Gas Prices in California Have Drivers Scrambling 
"Eastern Sierras above Bishop, California."
Should California Keep Pursuing High-Speed Rail? (POLL) - (x-post from /r/HighSpeedRail)
"After years of watching his Central Valley town grow more and more desperate, a grocery store owner in California decided it was time close down"
"DesertXpress inks deal to add train link from Victorville to Palmdale, making travel to L.A. possible"
Mammoth Lakes files for bankruptcy
“Absolutely Every One” – 15 Out of 15 – Bluefin Tuna Tested In California Waters Contaminated with Fukushima Radiation.  
"Support for gay marriage takes dramatic leap in California, new poll shows"
View from Vista Hermosa Park.
CA to close 70 State Parks. Fill this form to mail legislators &amp; Save our parks
"Goodbye, state funding for California libraries "
Inisde SoCal (sketch)
"California files suit against Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac seeking to force the firms to answer a detailed list of questions after the firms' federal regulator sought to block an open-ended inquiry by the state.

"
New district maps threaten California Republicans' seats in Congress -- Some party leaders say privately that the GOP could lose up to five of its 19 California congressional seats.
"wait, what?"
"Is it wrong to be upset when people say ""Cali"""
California Gov. Jerry Brown signs ambitious renewable energy mandate into law
"An influential state legislator on Friday introduced a bill that would fire the current members of the board governing California's high-speed rail project and replace them with experts who don't have a financial stake in the undertaking.

"
Billionaire Koch Brothers are trying to repeal our state's pollution laws. Don't let them do it! VOTE NO ON PROP 23 (and yes on 19 while you are at it)
Pot Growers Alarm California Farmers - Wall Street Journal
San Diego student left in DEA cell to get $4 million from US
"My Uncle passed away in 2011 at the age of 33 due to CF, but he did what he loved everyday, which was building hot rods! (From San Diego)"
Chinese buyers bring big money to U.S. housing market
BART police probe porn video shot on train - AP State News - The Sacramento Bee
"TIL 4,925 applicants for water cleanup are still waiting for help in California"
California's new problem: too much money
Jerry Brown OKs funds to seize guns held illegally
California bill would ban hands-free texting
"California unemployment drops to 9.4% as state gains 25,500 jobs"
4 a.m. Last Call For Alcohol Proposed For California Clubs 
California Gets Fracked
"L.A. becoming more bike friendly, thanks partly to the mayor's elbow "
 Medical Board of California asks the public to report deaths in which doctors might have overprescribed drugs.
The worst cities in America. Santa Ana is #3.
"California must get serious about teacher accountability: When the L.A. school district opted to pay $40,000 to a teacher charged with 23 counts of lewd acts on a child to retire, it concluded the dismissal process was just too lengthy and costly."
California among 5 states with highest average car repair bills
"California must overcome more obstacles than the other countries that have built the world's 10,000 miles of high-speed rail."
"Hesperia man risk life to come to the aid of his neighbors under attack, saving them and subduing the suspect in the process.  (X-Post from /r/UpliftingNews)"
"Behold the Wiener Burger from Dog House Diner! (located Encinitas, CA)
"
"San Onofre nuclear plant shuts down reactor as precaution - Reuters
| Reuters"
300 arrested at Occupy protests in Oakland
Thank you for giving me a wonderful start to the day (California coast sunrise)
"Students protest at several California universities -- in support for the Occupy Wall Street movement and discontent over education cuts and tuition hikes.
"
UC Riverside student missing. Last seen in Newport Beach.
"LA county bans plastic bags, begins charging for paper bags, and slashes the plastic bag demand by 1.1. million people. ""It's a lot of saved oil and a lot of plastic waste spared from the landfill"""
"Fruit flies that are highly destructive to crops are now permanently established in California and spreading, according to a new study published on Wednesday."
"San Diego Mayor: I'm entering counseling clinic; ""I must become a better person,"" Filner says"
Disabled vet looking to relocate from VA to CA. Any advice/tips?
"Federal and local agents served search warrants on Tuesday, at the homes of Moreno Valley’s five City Council members, a real estate broker with political connections and the corporate office of Skechers warehouse developer Highland Fairview."
Mono Lake?
"Entire Huell Howser ""California Gold"" series is archived for free on the Chapman University Website"
Rocklin girl drugs her parents so she can use the internet
California online shoppers pay sales tax on shipping and handling.
"This happend last night to my friends, wear your seat belts please."
It's Time for California to End Its Death Penalty 
Prop 32 is not just a union buster - Some of the Nation’s Most Vociferously Anti-Gay Religious Activists Are Backing it
Jerry Brown signs law allowing young illegal immigrants to get driver's licenses
Endeavour Flies Over the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz 
"A glimpse into the cutting edge of marine biology research
Once a year, the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Center opens for visitors.
"
California Cities Balk as Federal Law on Marijuana Is Enforced
"Move over, Wisconsin -- the union battle is beginning in California
"
"11 state parks temporarily out of the woods --
Private donors, foundations and other entities have come forward to help keep 11 of 70 parks threatened with closure open for one to three years, McGrath State Beach among them."
End death penalty measure likely to be on November ballot
Drunk Driver Hit and Run - Got Away From Accident - Help!
"Say... ""Burgie"""
"California's bullet train project triples in cost as editorial boards cry, “Somebody please stop this train.” "
Testing on new San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge could be flawed: Investigation has found that the state Department of Transportation technician who conducted key testing to ensure structural integrity of the span's foundation was later disciplined for fabricating test results on other projects.
"CA Bans Open Carry, carry now completely illegal for most California residents. CA now firmly in violation of the second amendment, expect court cases to follow."
"Dreams of a High-Speed Rail to L.A. Being Slowly Smothered By Litigious Towns, Farmers"
This is what vote suppression looks like in California.
Californians would rather ease penalties than pay more for prisons: Poll shows a change in attitudes as California seeks ways to comply with court-ordered cuts to its prison population. Soured economy is a key factor.
"Supreme Court will not delay release of 10,000 prisoners in California"
TV news crew robbed of camera gear in Oakland.
Open Streets Events Expand to More CA Cities
Senate OKs bill letting transgender students pick facilities.
Historic Skunk Train through the Mendocino redwoods struggles to survive a tunnel collapse.
California teen invents device that could charge a cell phone in 20 seconds
Policing for Profit in California-- Civil forfeiture allows the government to take away private property even if the owner hasn't been convicted of a crime
"Problems keep proliferating at discredited private foster care agency. A decade after L.A. County auditors delivered a harsh assessment of Teens Happy Homes, probe finds that children were repeatedly harmed in recent years and dubious financial practices grew."
"Redditors of California, any advice for a couple wanting to live in your neck of the woods?"
Stockton becomes most populous bankrupt US city
"Oakland Bay Bridge, the world’s largest L.E.D. light sculpture"
Field Poll: More Californians Favor Legalizing Pot
"Advocates Call on Gov. Brown to Prioritize Biking, Walking in State Budget "
"From r/movies- A 1927 Paramount Studio Map of California suggesting locations where movies could be shot, instead of going to the actual places."
California's unemployment rate falls below 10 percent
Fatal shooting of two young mountain lions in Half Moon Bay earlier this month has prompted a Monterey-based wildlife rescue group to petition the state Department of Fish and Game about its policies toward such animals
"California genetic food vote is no victory for science
"
"California Democrats headed for state legislature supermajority
| Reuters"
Violent fights have been breaking out between Blacks and Latinos for the past two days at a High School in Victorville.
Would one be able to walk from Los Angeles to San Francisco along the California Coast Highway?
California bill banning carrying of rifles sent to governor - latimes.com
"Special team set up by Caltrans to review safety testing uncovers doctored data and other suspicious tests calling into question testing of the new Bay Bridge and three other San Francisco Bay Area spans.


"
The Brian Banks Story - How a false rape accusation destroyed a 16-year-old's life.
"Yes on the SAFE California Act -- It would replace the death penalty with a sentence of life without parole, and solve a host of problems bedeviling the state law enforcement system."
Trial ordered for 2 California police officers in beating death of homeless man
Oxnard teacher fired over porn video 
"California pulls the plug on computer system linking the state's 58 county courts. It never worked, and some say it was doomed from the start. But not before spending more than $500 million trying to launch it.
"
Pacific Coast Highway - Orcutt to Ragged Point (x-post from r/pics)
"Google offers California small businesses free websites
"
A.  What's going on in Orange County?  B.  I can't believe people are this stupid
"California unemployment falls to 11.1% as payrolls grow -- For the year, California adds 240,300 net jobs across a swath of the economy, including key white-collar industries and the hard-hit construction sector.


"
California ferret activists push to overturn ban on ownership
Zoe Lofgren (a representative of California) is having an AMA on r/SOPA! (regarding SOPA)
"Governor Brown: Calif. to impose another $1B in budget cuts
"
"Despite gains, California has second-highest jobless rate in U.S.
"
TIL I can hire In-N-Out for parties!
Governor allows warrantless cellphone searches
"Kicking hybrids from carpool lanes slows everyone down -- regular traffic lanes slowed speeds substantially, and that slower traffic made it more difficult for the carpool drivers to move in and out of the HOV lanes, slowing them down as well. "
"Why haven't any SD redditors posted about the massive power outage in SoCal and Arizona yet?  Oh, right."
"USDA shows farmer's markets increasing, California leading the way"
"Time-lapse video of ""A Day in California"" (x-post from /r/videos)"
"Official Calls For Riverside, 12 Other Counties To Secede From California"
"(The real source of CA's budget woes) Thanks to the magic of Proposition 13, the owner of a house recently on the market for $55 million paid annual property taxes of just $7,722. "
"California's average gas price is highest in U.S., $3.845 a gallon - California surpasses Hawaii and Alaska"
"According to latest Forbes, Top 5 UCs: Berkeley, Los Angeles, Santa Barbara, Davis and Irvine."
The fight to save the legacy of a John Muir planted sequoia.
29 L.A. firefighters lost in 1933 in Griffith Park blaze
Ride App Services Told to Shut Down in L.A.
Small earthquake in Northern Cal.
"California, cities in next round of redevelopment fight--""[T]he controller has found that Fresno inappropriately transferred $41.5 million to the city's housing agency and San Jose improperly transferred $148 million."""
Bill Aims to Keep Pedestrians Off Medians.
State law against indefinite detention clause of NDAA introduced. Sanity has entered the game.
Going on a roadtrip through California for two weeks next summer. What are some essential places or things we have to see?
Supermajority Dems eye Prop. 13 rollback
Sex dungeon details emerge in California death of deployed Marine's wife - Chicago Tribune
"My roommate wants me to sign a 30 day notice, 60 days before moving out. Is this ok?"
Im a San Diegan but I recently went up to San Francisco. Heres some pictures I took.
"Vallejo, Calif., once bankrupt, is now a model for cities in an age of austerity"
Richmond wants to create a new revenue stream with a tax on soda
"In California, foreclosed houses are being used for illegal indoor marijuana farming...Due to fiscal cutbacks, cops generally ignore the crime."
"Meteor hunters strike pay dirt -- A different kind of rush hits California's Gold Country after the recent shower of rocks from space, which scientists crave and can fetch $1,000 a gram.

"
"""Cannabis Wine Gaining Ground in California"""
"Poll: California voters like Brown's tax proposal, don't care for Mitt Romney"
California To Build A $100M Electric Car Charging Network
Stockton on verge of declaring bankruptcy
California most disliked state – especially by GOP
Child abuse and God's love! Church covering up for Peadophiles!
My friend's daughter is missing from Carlsbad. Have you seen this girl?
'Open carry' ban wins approval in California Senate
sales tax dropped 1% yesterday!
"California law: Homeowners' right to attend meetings supersedes association's rules
"
"California Traffic Ticket Fines, Effective 1/6/2011"
Orange County formally bans medical marijuana dispensaries
"SACRAMENTO, Calif.: Calif. governor signs transgender-student bill | National Politics"
"SoCal: I'm looking for a good volunteer opportunity for a group of Marines from MCAS Miramar to help out with, ANY IDEAS?"
Dream to move to California.
California bill would promote statewide online college courses
"Prop. 37 died, but food-labeling fight lives"
Leader of a conservative faction within GOP says Pregnancies Rare In Rape Cases Due To Trauma
"California Mega-Quake Could Shake Entire State, Study Finds"
A Good Samaritan finds a lost ring on snowy Calif. highway but forgets to get the details of the man looking for it.
GOP Mantra Demolished – California Projecting Billion Dollar Budget Surplus | Addicting Info
Hi from the UK r/California! I need a bit of advice and thought you guys might be a good place to start. Do any of you guys know anything about the various campuses of the University of California?
"Investigation reveals more than 1,100 parolees in California are not wearing their electronic monitoring devices. And even if they are caught, they won’t be going back to state prison."
"Advice to California's GOP: Leave — or better yet, change "
Star Wars’ creator’s deal with Disney timed to dodge tax hikes.
"Tom Morello, Crosby, Stills and Nash Fired Up for California Unions: Prop. 32 would strip workers of their political power, they say"
"With Big California Water Project, Governor Wants to 
'Get Shit Done'"
Gov. Jerry Brown and Democratic legislative leaders have reached an agreement to reduce California's welfare rolls and cut back other social service funding.
California voters still support Jerry Brown's call for tax hikes - latimes.com
Editorial: California Public Utilities Commission President now appoints himself the duty of deciding whether PG&amp;E should be fined for the San Bruno gas disaster after years of his lax oversight.
CDPH says no Whooping Cough deaths in California during 2011.  This is the first year with no deaths since 1991.
"After coming back from a trip to Nevada, this happened."
"Billionaires Endorse Initiative to Raise California Taxes For Schools, Universities"
Yosemite seeks a more diverse visitor base -- only about 1% of the nearly 4 million people who visit the national park each year are black
"California leads way in putting Amazon in its place -- A key mechanism of Amazon's business model, which was to exploit the price advantage it gained by not collecting sales tax, is beginning to come apart, in no small degree because of California."
"California adds 12,000 jobs in September; unemployment rate slips"
Be proud. California is the best beer state. 
"Supervisors allowed Fullerton, California police officers involved in a deadly confrontation with a homeless man to view the footage to help them write up accounts of the incident. A former LAPD official calls it a ""bad practice."""
"Ferret Legalization @ Fish &amp; Game meeting for Aug 3rd, 2011 - The response was maddening"
List of California state parks that will be closed due to budget cuts
"California merchants may not ask customers using credit cards for their ZIP codes, state Supreme Court rules"
Hundreds evacuated from children's camps in path of raging Southern California wildfire
"Gay marriage stirs rebellion at synagogue: David Wolpe of Sinai Temple in Los Angeles says that about half the families in his synagogue, with a heavy Persian population, oppose his new policy"
Give credit to California voters
"James Clapper: Feinstein stands by intelligence chief after admitting he gave ""least untruthful"" answer to Congress."
Sean Parker showing everything wrong about the Silicon Valley mentality
"Questionable Bill Awaits Vote as Deadline Looms for Bills in their House of Origin--Assembly Bill 26 ""would give oil companies public money that is supposed to be used for climate protection in places hardest hit by industrial pollution."""
"Sometimes a Tea Kettle Is Also Hitler. A billboard just east of the southbound 405 in Culver City, California boasts the latest from the beleaguered JC Penney--a Michael Graves Design Bells and Whistles Stainless Steel Tea Kettle--but it also offers a little mustachioed something extra."
"As a gun owner and progressive, this recent California ""gun control"" measure seems reasonable."
Will spend two weeks in California in the summer
Hello Californians I need your help.
New Calif. rail plan to make major improvements in Valley Amtrak - fresnobee.com
"California Drought 2013: January, February Were Driest On Record"
"Non natives of California, how did you make it over there?"
"Megastorms Could Drown Massive Portions of California - Huge flows of vapor in the atmosphere, dubbed ""atmospheric rivers,"" have unleashed massive floods every 200 years, and climate change could bring more of them"
Point Reyes National Seashore and an oyster operation don't mix 
Surfer killed by shark off Santa Barbara beach
Arnold Schwarzenegger's tell-all book takes bad taste to a new level
Endeavor flyover video feed from chase plane. (this one's actually live)
Gov. Jerry Brown signs bill to trim public pension costs - latimes.com
AP Exclusive: Vaccine opt-out rate still climbing at California private schools - The Washington Post
What $2 Million Buys You in Silicon Valley 
BP sells billions in California assets in order to pay damages related to the Deepwater Horizon accident
Anaheim Protests Show Deep Divides in Class and Race -  “There is the basic question of why is it in a city with those kind of resources can we have such extreme poverty?... The anti-police attitude now is at a level I have never seen before” 
"Senate passes high-speed rail funding, which now goes to governor"
Sexting Teacher: Oxnard Police Arrest Teacher for 'Sexting' with Student - ktla.com
"California workers have a legal right to take their rest and meal breaks on the job, but their bosses are not obligated to make sure they do not work while they grab that sandwich or cup of coffee."
"Four high and mighty U.S. Attorneys in California were upset because of “flagrant” Marijuana sales in the state... Someone should remind these US Attorney the BOE collects taxes from these sales!  So why are they calling these sales ""flagrant"""
Some California schools get twice the funding -- and more -- of others
"Sacrificing the California desert to save the Earth -- Environmentalists are torn over the high cost of breaking reliance on fossil fuels. Public comment has been sought, but insiders are calling the shots."
Why should Prop. 13 be sacrosanct?
Anybody have any idea where the location of this view is? 
An affordable UC for the middle class -- University leaders should be looking for ways to make sure that the system is financially accessible to middle-class families.
Gov. Jerry Brown on Wednesday smacked down what he called overbearing and expensive proposals for state regulations by vetoing bills that would require that kids wear helmets when on ski slopes and increase fines for people who talk on cell phones or text while driving.
"State Assembly approved the California Dream Act today, sending the controversial legislation to the governor’s desk for its anticipated signing. The Dream Act makes illegal immigrant college students eligible for publicly funded financial aid."
Gov. Jerry Brown to propose California corporate tax changes
"Californians want to allow local taxes on cigarettes, other products: Nearly 60% of those polled support changing state law to allow voters to approve local taxes on cigarettes, sugary drinks, liquor and oil pumped from the ground."
"California's college system in decline, study finds"
Brown signs LGBT inclusive education bill into law
California says it won't resume executions this year
Signed a 6 month sublease paid until September 1; being evicted on August 15. When does / did my landlord have to return half of August's rent by?
Why do Californians use less electricity than everyone else? | Washington Post
Dianne Feinstein's response to an email regarding the NSA
Giant pink dog statue stolen from West Hollywood
Is it possible to live in California making $30-35k a year?
California Beaming - NYTimes.com
"A bridge we came across last summer in california, can someone please tell me the name or area?"
"BART set to increase fares, parking costs"
"Driven by the rise of medical marijuana, pot farm growers are wreaking havoc on Northern California wilderness areas, natural resources and endangered species, scientists say."
Patients at California’s board-and-care centers for the developmentally disabled have accused caretakers of molestation and rape 36 times during the past four years. Nearly a third occurred in one unit of the Sonoma Developmental Center.
"California’s Central Valley, Land of a Billion Vegetables "
"Anyone been to the California Channel Islands? How does one get there, and can you stay there?"
SAN BERNARDINO: Man killed in game of Russian roulette 
"California finds $119 million more in untapped funds:  additional money that lawmakers were unaware of includes funds for healthcare programs, reimbursement of crime victims and cleanup of underground petroleum tanks"
California's next North-vs.-South battle over water begins Wednesday - San Jose Mercury News
California's park system secretly stashed away $54 million even though it was cutting services and threatening to close parks.
Cycling the Lost Coast in Northern California (Part 2)
"""California State Parks officials announced May 13, 2011 that 70 California state parks would close by July 1, 2012 to help tackle California's budget crisis."""
This is all you need to know about Prop 29. [Fixed]
Solar Eclipse 2012 In Los Angeles: 'Ring Of Fire' Is Coming To California
Have you called your senators about CISPA yet?
"Gunman opens fire at small Christian college in Oakland; 7 dead -- one of California's worst mass killings.
"
Moving to California and am looking for some banking advice
California cities most densely populated in U.S.
"California preacher concedes apocalypse prediction was wrong, won’t consider future date"
President of the California Fish and Game Commission under fire for killing mountain lion -- “I’m glad it’s legal in Idaho.”
"California Leads Nation in Unaccredited Schools. ""There are a lot of schools that beg the question 'What exactly is going on in California?'"""
"Lone wolf crosses into California from Oregon -- The young animal is the first wolf known to be at large in California since 1924. Wildlife authorities in both states have been monitoring the wolf since it set out from the Crater Lake area in September.
"
In 1935 2 teens walked the SF Bay Bridge before it had a deck.
California leads nation in escalation of college costs
Yay California! [FIXED]
Calif. bill would protect unlicensed drivers from arrest
"History textbooks: No slant required -- Whether in Texas or California, politicians and interest groups have no rightful place in the writing of textbooks."
"SoCal Redditors, 53 hour closure of the 405 (from the 10 to the 101 NB, the 101 to Getty Center SB) over the weekend of July 15-18"
"Bill to let non-profits run some of California's state parks sent to the state Senate.
"
"Republican Meg Whitman Employed Illegal Immigrant Housekeeper for 9 Years, Treated Her Like 'Garbage'"
Director of High-Speed Rail Authority Promises Groundbreaking Will Come Soon
Amber Alert Expands for Missing Lakeside Children.
DHS Napolitano to head University of California
Purpose of Highway Cameras On The Way To Las Vegas?
"West Coast Beer Brewers of Reddit, please sign this petition to help make it legal to share your own brews with other people outside your house."
Budget Woes Mean Big Delays For Small Claims Courts : NPR
DOJ Files Forfeiture Lawsuit Against One Of California’s Oldest Medical Marijuana Dispensaries
"LA Mag is helping to reopen a 30 year cold case of a old serial killer, serial rapist, the Golden State Killer"
I have a feeling that this order is not going to be delivered...
Brown seeks to reshape California's community colleges
Corruption trial set for 6 Calif. city leaders
"What Californians Say About the California Accent. like, you know."
California demographics future of the country? x-post from r/politics
"""The critics are right that this ""pay up or drop out"" policy doesn't assure that students can get the courses they need to graduate in timely fashion. Nor does it acknowledge that there are other ways to make sure students don't take too many courses or needlessly repeat courses."""
GOP showing in Calif. worries party strategists 
Desalination no panacea for Calif. water woes 
"I live in NorCal now, but every single time I go back to LA: "
Bay Area's $200K Club: Analysis finds fat pensions belong to nonunion bosses - San Jose Mercury News
"Stunning moment a humpback whale breached in a Californian fishing harbour
"
The dam failure that brought down Wm. Mulholland... and killed 450 people
"California Deficit Swells to $16 Billion, Governor Says"
Wildlife biologist snaps first color picture of wandering grey wolf in California
California voters to decide whether to keep death penalty
"Meteor shower causes loud boom over California: A loud boom similar to the sound of an explosion has been heard over much of northern California apparently as a result of an ongoing meteor shower, The Los Angeles Times reported."
$285 million spent on lobbying Calif. lawmakers in 2011 sets a record
Senator Feinstein -- Second Response.
AT&amp;T jacks up 'measured' phone service rate...because it can
"California Voters need facts, not myths -- State government's level of taxing and spending is about the same today as it was decades ago, when Ronald Reagan was governor"
Hot lesbian to run for Miss California
"3 year old at preschool finds a pushpin on the floor, swallows it and dies. Lawsuit follows, but is non-stop visual scrutiny of every child reasonable?"
"Humpback Whales off Santa Cruz, Calif. coast draw crowds, warning"
Calif. Appeals Court Approves Cell Phone Searches Without Warrant
Violent Crimes decreased 6.9% in California in the past year
Indefinite solitary confinement persists in California prisons -- Long abandoned by many states and the Feds. Critics say it amounts to torture.
Starting my weekend above it all...
New California marijuana ballot measure starts circulating for 2012
Time-lapse video: Mulholland Drive bridge removal
The UC Santa Cruz Banana Slug celebrates its 25th anniversary as mascot. (Be sure to check out the awesome songs he inspired)
Santa Cruz redditors - My cousin recently started a company called Hero DD. They drive you and your car home for you after a night of drinking (or whatever).
Californians! Who are you voting for Governor?
This year's Propositions
"Sunrise over Slab City, CA"
Democratic Party officials ask San Diego Mayor Bob Filner to quit - four women appear on TV together to say Filner sexually harassed them; seven women have now accused the mayor of such misconduct
Standard and Poor's lawyers want $5B lawsuit thrown out | 89.3 KPCC
California Senate moves to crush medical marijuana profits
The Myth of the Rich Who Flee from Taxes (xpost from r/economy)
Teacher in Linden with nearly 30 years experience recorded with a phone camera stealing from student backpacks.
captured this beautiful sunset at the Griffith Observatory last month.. [Original Content]
"1 Year Later, Lone Gray Wolf Still Prowling Calif. - ABC News"
"California watchdog only halfway to bottom of $11 million political donation
| Reuters"
The foes of Proposition 30 overstate their case
"r/California, I'm homesick. This may sound weird, but a little cheering up would be awesome."
"Driverless Cars, Now Street-Legal in California"
LA &lt;--&gt; SF: Do you prefer the 5 or the 101?
August 18 California DUI Checkpoints! 
"A man who built a [whimsical] California compound with a sustainability goal has been given notice by his county to move out, after years of his ignoring demands for permits."
Two University of Southern California students murdered during attempted carjacking near campus.
"If you value Medicare? Watch this closely..Believe it or not Britain has ""privatized"" its national health system in March - the conservative lies made about ""choice"" and lower prices are already being exposed as just another public money trough to private monopolies taking over."
Fukushima Radiation Found in California Kelp
Facebook IPO could give California nearly $2.5 billion in five years
Californians! Help make marijuana legalization a reality
California healthcare spending per person among lowest in U.S. 
Farmer cultivates his Hmong roots in Fresno
"$9 billion is looking for a job -- There's plenty of work to do in California, and infrastructure bonds have been sold to cover it. But the money just sits there."
Infographic: Proposed California high-speed rail compared to Paris–Marseille line
"Supreme Court upholds order for California to release 46,000 inmates"
Lets push Arnold's affair aside for a bit and remember a big dirtbag move he did by commuting a prison sentence of a political ally's son who stabbed a guy that was part of a fight where his friend stabbed another guy who died.
Gov. Brown signs bill to transfer thousands of nonviolent felons to county jails: The measure is designed to reduce the number of inmates in California's chronically overcrowded state lockups and keep relatively low-level offenders closer to their homes.
California Supreme Court Rules Merchants Can No Longer Ask for Your Zip Code
Yes prop 19 lost but have you gone to the gas station lately?
California part of the Left Coast is bucking the GOP National trend. Prop 19 leading in the polls now this. Keep it up CA.
Loopholes in California laws that give police and lawmakers special license plates to protect them from criminals are being used by officials and their families to get away with thousands of dollars in speeding tickets and toll fees.
LADWP's unlimited sick pay policy costs millions
UnitedHealth to exit individual insurance market in California
"Compromise sought on wood-burning fire rings at Los Angeles &amp; Orange County beaches, air-quality regulators soften proposed ban by allowing 700-foot buffer zone between fire pits &amp; homes"
"Report: BART official earns $330K without working - Local News - Sacramento, CA"
Off-course or on track? Education bill could let community college students pay more for in-demand classes
California gets first commercial white space high-speed Internet
Schwarzenegger: Global warming can melt California's economy
"Bankrupt San Bernardino California to resume paying pension fund, will continue to renege on other debts including payments to bondholders"
took this photo of the sunset at Mission Beach last night..
Lion kills person at Central California animal sanctuary.
California Ballot Prop Would Force State Takeover of Utilities
California Debt Rating Raised by S&amp;P After Surplus Forecast
Living and working on Catalina Island. I am a human (not a fox).
California Democrats signal they want to reform Proposition 13
California eighth-grade students score fifth from bottom in national vocabulary tests 
"High-income Californians May Pay Nation's Highest Tax Rate: High-income Californians would pay the nation's highest marginal income tax rates -- nearly 52 percent -- if President Barack Obama and Congress fail to make a deal to avoid the so-called ""fiscal cliff"""
Sitting on I5
Arizona donors fighting Prop. 30 and pushing Prop. 32 reveal ties to Koch brothers
OpenSecrets profiles for California Congressional Delegation. Click their name to see major donors. 
"Prop time is upon us Angelenos. Here is a great list of CA 2012 ballot props, complete with supporters and opponents. Take a look at who supports what and you'll have a better idea of whose interests these props serve. I just decided not to support prop 32, based on the PACs supporting it.[xpost-LA]"
"Trim Prison Spending, Reinvest in California’s Future with ACLU’s New Web Challenge"
California Science Center reveals road trip for NASA's space shuttle Endeavour
Thoughts on sb249 banning magazine locks?
"
Update: Safeway relents and reinstates an employee who defended pregnant woman in Monterey County."
"""Fiscal Woes Boomerang for Brown in California"": “The fact is, California has been living beyond its means,” Gov. Jerry Brown said. “The United States of America and its federal government has been living beyond its means. This is a day of reckoning, and we have to take the medicine.”"
"Riverside woman with the mental capacity of 6yo charged with first degree murder, arson and elder abuse."
"20,000 migrating birds have died due to lack of water in the Lower Klamath National Wildlife Refuge near the California-Oregon border since February. "
Discovery of a second batch of a phony cancer drug worries California regulators.
Cal State to close door on spring 2013 enrollment [xpost from r/bayarea]
Northern California
Unsafe levels of lead still found in California youths at the same time programs to combat lead poisoning are being slashed.
Gov. Brown ordered firing of regulator who took hard line on oil firms
"Kern County town known as a speed trap disbands police force
"
"California Could Get Boost from Facebook --- ""If the Palo Alto company goes public this year, as many have speculated, the state stands to reap hundreds of millions of dollars in capital gains taxes from Facebook investors and employees profiting from stock sales."""
"California leaders say time for cuts may be ending


"
"UC students voice anger about pepper spraying, budget cuts "
Occupy LA to occupy the Rose Parade.
To The Oakland PD (And Others): ponder this - You've been robbed just like the rest of the 99%. Specifically: Your pensions are not going to be paid. Got that? They're NOT going to be paid. Why am I sure of this? Because they can't be paid. It is mathematically impossible
"Systemic Violence in Los Angeles Jail 

No Surprise to Rape Survivors "
"Help, reddit! My GF just got suspended (and likely will be fired) by a boss who doesn't adhere to labor/health laws/codes; need employment law advise/resources."
"Happy birthday, California! 40 reasons we love you! -- California turns 161 this week."
California breaks from 50-state probe into mortgage lenders - latimes.com
"The ""Disguise"" of California"
"Poll illustrates California voters' anger:
Nearly 3 in 4 say the country is on the wrong track."
"I'm at 24-year-old that's been given a once-in-a-lifetime chance to move to CA from KY with someone else footing the gas, and first 2 months rent. Need reddit's help with logistics and concerns. PLEASE!(xpost from AskReddit)"
"California a ""one-party"" state now."
Jerry Brown’s Last Stand
