title
"Los Angeles, please call the police or 911 if you see this car - It may be involved in the murder of my mother on Fri Oct. 5th in SF Bay Area"
Open Fire!!!
Conan is excited for GTAV.
Someone at the LA Times was having a fun time with puns this morning...
A homeless man in DTLA hands out his resume instead of asking for handouts
Anyone know these people? Found a flooded camera while scuba diving and recovered 439 photos. Redondo Beach area. (x-post)
"LA-Bot needs some link karma to continue working. Please help. I don't need much, just an upvote or two. Then hide this link."
A friend of mine disappeared in West LA on Monday July 29th. She's only 18 and she's very smart and this is uncharacteristic. Can r/LA help?
Good Role Models for LAPD
"Hawthorne, Ca Police Kill Dog (X-post from /videos)"
Thought you guys would like this: Drinking in L.A. vs Drinking in New York
"The JC Penney Hitler Tea Kettle, spotted just east of the southbound 405 in Culver City"
4 a.m. Last Call For Alcohol Proposed For Los Angeles Clubs
Parking in LA is ridiculous
This pic sums up LA pretty well
It's Official: In-N-Out's Double Double Is the Top Fast Food Burger in America
It's my cakeday! So here's L.A. from back in the day. 1898 to 1968. 
"Those scumbags in /r/pics didn't give a crap, but this is a picture of Hollywood in 1909, and I think it's awesome."
This may hit a little close to home for some of you.
RIP Huell :(
Tilt shift photo of our lovely city on a warm and sunny day
A friend took this awesome pic on the 4th
Favorite Picture of Endeavour Moving Through Los Angeles
"Alright, who did it? I was hiking in Two Harbors on Catalina Island when I came upon this..."
Taken today outside Children's Hospital LA. I like this kid's style.
"PSA: I am Eric Garcetti, L.A.'s next Mayor, and I will be doing an AMA tomorrow at 7 pm."
Was on my way to pick up Dodgers tickets before the game and this was 50% of our conversation on the way there
I love this city
You know its true...
An Australian's Week in LA
LA looking north up the I-110 [x-post: r/cityporn]
Huntington Gardens in Pasadena is definitely one of those special LA nuggets
Other major US cities arranged inside of Los Angeles
"In the 1970's, Los Angeles had buses decorated like submarines that ran the beach routes all summer (crosspost from /r/thewaywewere)"
Xmas miracle
"The Original In-N-Out Hamburger Stand, Rebuilt (x-post from /r/Pics)"
A PSA from an LAPD Officer
"LAPD cops shoot two people in Torrance while searching for Dorner. If you drive a Nissan Titan, be careful."
"Facing east, I don't have a direct view of the amazing sunsets we've been having, but I can see them reflected in skyscrapers downtown."
"Dear Time Warner Cable, You F@$%ing Suck. Regards, Everybody."
A Good Friday indeed!
"I just moved to LA from Florida, I may be in love."
"Just snapped this outside work. That's more like it, Los Angeles."
Warning &amp; looking for more info: someone is killing dogs in the Griffith Park area. I saw this at the foot of a trail leading into the park this morning.
This is why Los Angeles feels so big.  That is all.
Not all LAPD are bad people
American Excess (Yesterday on Melrose) [x-post r/pics]
So I was sitting in the cell phone lot at LAX when suddenly...
The Worst Drug-Mule at Union Station
I'm an architectural photographer and was working on a shoot in Beverly Hills when we had that crazy sunset...
Malibu homeowners who hide access to beautiful beaches foiled by $30K Kickstarter campaign
Seeing this on the 101 somehow makes the day seem better.
Warning to dog owners as seen in the Downtown Arts District.
"Damn, LA, you beautiful!"
"Rain, rain, stay forever."
A hazy skyline of LA that almost looks like it is out of a comic book.
Congrats LA KINGS!!!! WAY TO WIN THE STANLEY CUP!
Breaking: MAJOR Gunfire at Santa Monica City College
Only in LA...
"How to tell where rich people live using Google Maps, LA version. "
A friend took this getting off the 101 today. Only in Los Angles!
Heeeeeeeeeerrrrrre's Jeany! 
Governator still bikes around his old haunts once in a while
What I always think whenever I book my flight back home from NYC
The majestic sounds of our fair city. [FIXED]
Went to The Getty yesterday. I had no idea the original bro is on display there.
Arrested Development being filmed in downtown Culver City right now
Los Angeles if there were no light pollution
"I'm Eric Garcetti, LA's next Mayor, and I want your ideas about how to create jobs and solve problems in L.A. neighborhoods. Join me today at 7 pm."
Universal Studios puts up $13.5 million for bike path along the L.A. River
Griffith Park [Panorama made with 27 iPhone photos]
Amazon chooses LA as first city outside of its native Seattle for Amazon Fresh home delivery
Fucking LA!
Every time I try to buy concert tickets in LA
KROQ's Bean to Donate a Kidney to Longtime Station Employee
Disneyland tickets are $92 now?!
The best fireworks show in LA happened on the northbound 710 to the 105....
It's the last day that Toyota will give the California Science Center $50 for every tweet.  These are the people who brought the Endeavour here... Can we use Reddit's strength in numbers to help out?
Women Of LA video
"Here's some footage I shot with a GoPro and quad-copter around Hollywood, let me know what you think!"
Los Angeles throughout the years...
"Well This Sucks... City of Los Angeles Sides with Taxi Companies and Sends a Cease and Desist Order to Uber, Lyft, and Sidecar"
Must-See Attractions in L.A.! (According to the Simpsons)
I posted this in wtf but I took this in Los Angeles yesterday. Keep it classy la billboards...
Los Angeles on high alert as LAPD back on regular duty
Moved here not too long ago... I love LA Parking
I've never felt safer downtown.
LAPD Guide to Vehicle Identification
"In case you missed it, LA’s new equivalent to the New Year’s ball drop. What an unbelievable/beautiful mess…"
"Was this true at one time, or is this just a low blow?"
"This time of year, the sunset reflects off the buildings in downtown Los Angeles to my house in the South Bay. (x-post from r/mildlyinteresting)"
Living in Los Angeles
"Girlfriend lost her keys on a hike, came back to the car and found this. Thank you good samaritan from Griffith Park!!"
"All the cool shops on 3rd St Promenade, 1891"
Every lane is apparently a bus lane :( Metro please train your drivers better
TIME WARNER SUCKS!
My friend's dog Annie was stolen from his house along with some other useless shit on 3-19-13 between 12-2pm in the Sherman Oaks/Van Nuys area. Please take a look/pass it on and help get his best friend back home... PM/comment with any info! Thanks!
The majestic sounds of our fair city.
LA to NY in 45 minutes for $100 - Tesla CEO says it's possible.
Douchebag. [x-post from /r/funny]
"18 y/o Boy Brain-dead, HIT &amp; RUN while cycling this morning at OXNARD &amp; BEL AIR (Valley)"
Every GOD DAMNED day on the 405....
Garcetti Orders All City Department Heads to Reapply For Their Jobs
"I'm don't think this .gif is in LA, but I think it's still very relevant. [x-post from /r/gif]"
"In response to that other GIF, here's a GIF of my commute on the 405"
Self-preservation
The most relaxed driver in L.A.
"L.A.'s New Mayor Is OK With Legalizing Cannabis | ""If in the future, California's voters want [cannabis] for casual use, for me, it's not a problem"""
So... this happened.
Favorite Space Shuttle photo from today
Well that was a hell of a sunset!
So we visited the Griffith Obervatory yesterday...
Help catch these scumbags.
Just paint the goddamn thing red already and be done with it.
Well isn't this the most heartbreaking missing pet sign you've ever seen? 
The r/losangeles meet-up is in full effect. Woooo!
This pretty much sums up trying to park in Hollywood.
Map of LAPD's jurisdiction according to reddit
To the driver of the silver Prius on the 405 Southbound this morning near Victory Blvd. 
Los Angeles Overreacts to Cold Temperatures - Jimmy Kimmel
If only LA was like this everyday. (Traffic shot)
I really hope NBC made a mistake
"""Starry Los Angeles"""
"Dear L.A., Just wanted to wish you all the warmth in the world. Best Regards, Minnesota. "
"I am Eric Garcetti, LA City Councilmember &amp; candidate for Mayor -- AMA"
"The day the Los Angeles subway looks like this, will be a great day for mankind..."
"USC students vandalized UCLA property, UCLA students retaliate"
Beaches in Malibu are public but the residents on the beach don't want you to go in them... Here is a news article and app to help you find all the hidden ways and places to park for these beaches!!!
Living in LA around this time of year...
Endeavor is in town!
There are some very nice people in Los Angeles
Joseph Gordon-Levitt on what made him move back to LA from NYC
The President's visit to Reddit is very similar to his visits to LA
Anyone lose track of their elderly dog somewhere in the west side?
Today I have the best coworkers
Griffith Last Night
"A letter from the Hollywood Chick-Fil-A owner to the ""community"""
Annoying thing about this time of year in LA
I drive through LA to get to work (from SD to Burbank on The 5) and this is how it feels when its raining.
Huell Howser quietly retires from public TV's 'California's Gold'
The ethnic foods aisle at Vons in Pasadena.
Hey LA - be safe out there. (x-post from r/funny)
"If you park like this, fuck you!"
Silver Lake... where latino families aren't baby breeders.
Saw this sign in Silver Lake today.
"Three Generations, born and raised in LA (Pasadena to be exact x-post /space)"
I used to photograph LA at night when i was in high school. Hope you enjoy!
SNL Skit: The Californians
Scumbag BHHS
"After living in LA for most of my adult life, I spontaneously decided to take a helicopter tour with a friend. Highly recommended!"
"Westwood Village, 1941"
In-n-Out Dumps Slaughterhouse Accused of Abusing Cows
Drove up the Angeles Crest Highway last night.
The LAPD at their Best
Downtown Los Angeles From 4th Street: 1950's vs. 2012
"These guys, right here."
View from Griffith Observatory a few nights ago
"Thanks for all the tips, r/LosAngeles! Here's an album for you. "
My favorite photo of Los Angeles
"Pictures of a closed subway system in downtown LA. The building told us the subway system was closed, but a nice man from security took us on a personal tour. Here are those pics!"
Los Angeles earned more gold medals in the Olympics for the US than anywhere!
Stunning Picture of the Milky Way…Over Los Angeles?
SoCal - Where car chases are so common that we spice them up with weather reports. 
"Cheers, to the loneliest redditor on r/losangeles"
Yesterday on the Goldline
The first night he parked his new Lamborghini on the street
It's the most wonderful time of year
LA on a Friday night...
I had a realization yesterday
There's only one thing to do in this situation.
"Every time I see the LA river, I always remember Terminator 2."
View FROM tall bike at Ciclavia
To the Redditor on the 101-134 East Bound freeways this morning driving a Matrix...
Boyle Avenue and 1st Street: 1895 vs. 2013
I didn't look up at the price before pumping my gas this morning.
"Los Angeles, CA. The grey of pavement and dense population is visible from Earth orbit. 
Tweet sent from international space station today [PHOTO]"
Van Nuys Blvd 1952
My friend proposed to his girlfriend at Dodger's Stadium last Friday and is looking for photos from the guy they sat next to
Nasa can put a man on the moon...
Santa Monica doesn't mess around when it comes to parking. 
Are you hot enough yet? It's gonna get worse. No AC? Here's some help.
"Stay classy, LA drivers."
You know you live in LA when you literally drive over a screenplay as you park in your garage.
The view from my friends apartment in Hollywood. Paradise...
I found the fiscal cliff in LA
SoCal's Hottest Bumper Sticker
Thank God for Jews
AMBER Alert (missing children) - Blue Nissan Versa #6WCU986 (CA)
Los Angeles in 1946 [x-post from r/pics]
"Jupiter, Venus, and the Moon above Los Angeles [1280 x 854] (xpost from spaceporn)"
There is an epidemic plaguing Los Angeles: The lack of turn signal use is out of control
"It's weird how close Scranton, Pennsylvania is"
Went hiking at Runyon Canyon for my first time on Sunday.
Friend climbed the 6th street bridge this evening. (Pic)
How I feel living in Los Angeles after only taking high school Spanish.
"Friend assaulted near Icon last night, now brain dead. Looking for any information."
Bubbles! Someone poured laundry soap into the Chase Bank fountain at Sunset/Vine.
5 Apologies to the LAPD Cops Who Beat Me Up For No Reason
Best advice from Marky Mark ever
The one good thing about commuting this week...
LA this morning [4/17/2013] [pic]
"100+ Beautiful photos of historical Los Angeles including 101 Fwy Construction, Billboards for the budding Las Vegas, City Hall Construction, Downtown pre-10Fwy, SF Valley, and OC Beaches. "
First post: A subway adventure through LA led me to this...
Does anyone have a house or back yard to host the Reddit Haloween party (~200 people) ?
After filling up here's how I feel about the Richmond fire.
trying to find the people who saved my life
Hope you all caught a glimpse of that sunset today.
"reddit, my friend Anna and I have started a los angeles-based cleaning service to battle our struggles with unemployment. Would any of you be interested in letting us clean your place or run some errands?"
The chosen palm tree (In Palms) about 30 min ago..
Arrested Development intro credits shot on my street.
"Cyclist was hit-and-run, dragged 600 feet, and had to have a leg amputated. Suspect was driving a van with a phone number starting with 213 and ending with 0776. Only 1,000 combinations, but the LAPD is stumped. Maybe Reddit or 4chan should take a crack at it?"
The most wonderful time of the year
"Just a reminder /r/losangeles, this is fire season, it will continue on until november, things burn fast, people lose homes and animals die. Please keep your cigarettes inside your car, don't throw them out and don't ash out of your window. Please?"
A shot of downtown Los Angeles while flying over Burbank earlier today
Morning fog over Koreatown
"Proud to be a Californian today! Prop. 8: Gay-marriage ban unconstitutional, court rules."
"Westside Rentals is the worst, please talk me out of building a competing free service."
He is considered armed and extremely dangerous.
Don Draper Grew up in Echo Park?
"Yep, that about sums it up."
My Office
windows and doors are all rattling and shit
"Southbound 405 this morning during rush hour, ahead of the Obama motorcade"
"I've ridden Metro for a while now, but never taken the Irony Bus."
My friend Megan is missing from the Montrose / Glendale area! Can you help find her?
"I've you've never been up to City Hall's (free) observation deck, I highly recommend it."
Petition circulating for Huell Howser statue in Griffith Park
Sometimes I dont say it enough...
L.A. Times Magazine from 1988 predicts what it will be like to live in the city in 2013
"Oh, you want to get to work this morning?"
Blonde middle aged female driving Silver/Gray 2004 or newer BMW 4 Door sedan wanted for hit &amp; run of Bicyclist from 6/18/2013 at Pacific Ave &amp; Washington Ave in Venice Beach - picture of her in article [x-post r/BikeLA]
The beach is beautiful today.
So I was sitting at the office the other day when suddenly
To: Everyone in America suffering in snow.  From: r/LosAngeles.
"Took a break from my ""Arrested Development"" marathon to find this in front of Deus Ex Machina"
I found a wonderful review for the Hollywood Bowl.
Marijuana Dispensary Ban Repealed by Los Angeles City Council 
Santa Monica Pier
It's official. Ladies and gentlemen your new mayor of Los Angeles
The Simpsons remember Huell Howser (x-post /r/California)
Color images of 1940's Los Angeles
"Westwood Village, 1941"
Just passed by this.. Might want to avoid the 405 Southbound for a while.
LA Alert: Italian Designer Scam
Puppy mill ban requires LA pet store to sell rescued animals only
Downtown LA skyline seen from Silver Lake
New access map shows entry points for Malibu beaches
"While I was busy with videogames, my girlfriend pointed out that there was an absolutely amazing sunset tonight!"
Scumbag Weather
Look who I found during today's LACBC LA River ride (x-post /r/bicycling)
"In honor of the recent re-opening, I thought you guys might like to see Echo Park at the turn of the last century."
"$1.2 billion in funds approved today for Crenshaw/""LAX"" line -- construction starts next year, open by 2019"
The Round Table in Hermosa really likes the movies (x-post from r/movies)
"Yesterday, I travelled across Los Angeles capturing portraits of Angelenos at various polling locations. This is the result...."
"Please vote NO on measure B, here's why:"
Cranston liked my Heisenberg shirt at the Studio City Farmers Market (x-post from r/pics)
Tall bike was tall at Ciclavia! Hope everyone had a good time!! I sure did!
FYF line-up is out! Yeah Yeah Yeah's &amp; My Bloody Valentine set to headline.
Thought I'd share this gorgeous Venice Beach sunset with you all...
When LA was empty: Wide open SoCal landscapes
"A 1927 Paramount Studio Map of the southern California suggesting locations where movies could be shot, instead of going to the actual places. [x-post from r/movies]"
"Guy has satchel stolen in Burbank, posts awesome note to thief all over town."
Another day at LACMA
One of my biggest pet peeves.
Rain??!?
Norm's in Santa Monica will Close After 49 Years of Service
"In response to the ""Women Of LA"" video [OC]"
Downtown form 1st st bridge [OC]
"Santa Monica, circa 1888:"
Jesus Christ Driving School
"It's been an hour since the polling place opened, and the voting machines still haven't arrived. "
I found a dog! White / grey husky (mix?) possibly 2-3 yrs old. Found near Beverly &amp; La Brea. No collar. No chip.
How the LAPD sees you right now.
"Map of Los Angeles circa 1928: No freeways, lots of streetcars."
"It's raining in L.A.:  That means headlights on, people."
Report: Dorner in Shootout with Authorities
"How I, an eastsider, feel anytime I accidentally wind up on San Vicente Blvd. "
Gyms in West Hollywood
Motorcycle cop pulls someone over on the bike path in venice for going the wrong way
Map of L.A. neighborhoods' median incomes (source: RichBlocksPoorBlocks.com)
"LA Galaxy back to back MLS Champs! This is Los Angeles, we win trophies, get used to it!"
"FOUND: This puppy ran out in front of my car, but the vet says he's OK. Found him near Fairfax and 6th near Miracle Mile. No collar, no tags. Message me if you know anything. "
Is this the definition of irony?
Sepulveda pass
"Nice try, LAPD. (At my fav taco truck Taco Zone Alvarado &amp; Sunset; Echo Park)"
What is up with SF? This LA-hating ad is all over SF Giants Stadium
I'm doing my first Stand up Comedy show in Santa Monica on the 24th of Jan . Here's a Clip of me. If you want to go message me or comment. I will give you the details.
Please do not teach your kids how to ride a bike here
So Los Angeles does have an abandoned subway(thanks to securityhigh for the correct link to the original blog).
Lion King Truth
Cop Punches woman in face on camera and then tries to intimidate the Army Veteran who took the video.
"Holy shit, it's going to be hot in Hemet tomorrow!"
Why isn't this is a thing?!
The WBC is protesting at Samo high. Let's show them LA won't have any of their nonsense! (Upvote for visibility. Self post so I'm not getting any karma)
Bill could extend last call for alcohol in LA
My Los Angeles inspired charcoal piece. 
"Good morning, Los Angeles."
Arrest made in Transgender Attack on Hollywood Blvd.
Griffith Observatory
Found this cactus garden in the middle of nowhere while hiking off the beaten path near Runyon Canyon today.
Thank you for all you did for Los Angeles
Comparison of other major cities that can fit inside LA
"TIL a Los Angeles County Library card gets you 3 free songs to keep per week, a huge collection of movies/shows/ebooks/audiobooks that rival Amazon, very low late fees, and up to 50 items at once. (x-post from /r/todayilearned)"
Bike jumping over camera at LACMA (x/post from r/pictures)
I see who the fuck you ran into today and raise you Kopitar pouring me a drink after the game
Incredible 40 year old mural in it's heyday
California for beginners 
Rides on Metro are FREE this Christmas Eve and New Year's! Metro also providing service ALL NIGHT on New Years!
How I feel with all this wind...
So who has a full court outdoor Lakers basketball court in their backyard in Eagle Rock?
Only r/LA would understand this one...
Brace yourselves...Winter is not coming...
"Downtown Broadway to become pedestrian paradise -- LA to take three lanes away from cars and give them instead to walkers, bikers and transit"
sorry folks in the cold and wet. so. cal. today
Cause fuck that
"Din't notice any other signs of filming at first, confused the shit out of me for a second. "
"[UPDATE] If ANYONE in North Hollywood is missing a drunk girl, I've found her. About 23, 5'5"", 120lbs in a party dress, and no purse, only her shoes."
Magnolia and Laurel Canyon Late '60's
Global reddit Meet-up Day Commercial. Join us.
"Beverly Hills organizing against the subway tunnel under BH High School.  If you care at all about having a station in the heart of Century City, read on."
Just moved to LA last week.
I'd rather kill myself... Thanks for the invite though Hollywood Bowl.
Bicyclist dragged for 600 ft. by silver minivan and banged up extremely badly near Griffith Park. Posting on the off chance someone here saw something.
I can't be the only one...
Only in LA is this deserving of a sign. (taken at the Glendale Galleria)
"If ANYONE in North Hollywood is missing a drunk girl, I've found her. About 23, 5'5"", 120lbs in a party dress, and no purse, only her shoes."
"Hey, LA Parking Enforcement, FUCK YOU!"
Sometimes this city surprises me
"Drivers of L.A.: when the lights are out at an intersection, treat it as if there are stop signs. It's not very complicated."
"After two months of crazy work, how I feel about finding my new shop on Google Maps..."
Cause them setting up this yellow beast this morning in Beverly Hills!
Thanks to r/losangeles I was able to do another mural. This one's in Burbank near the airport.
Moon Rise Rose Hills (California)
Went to the Griffith Observatory for the first time yesterday. Such a clear day
"Eat it, Westsiders. Judge orders Expo Line to continue on through to Santa Monica."
"Business Insider's map of racial segregation for LA: yellow is other, orange is Hispanic, red is white, green is Asian, blue is black"
California police open fire on protesters including young children
so i look to my right on the 110 and...
Move to California
scumbag PD
To the woman who tossed me a lighter in Glendale Wednesday...
the abandoned swimming pool in griffith park
A friend went for a ride by the LA river...
How Los Angeles is becoming America’s next great mass-transit city
Ever since I moved to California . . . 
As seen outside of Notre Dame HS.
Venice Beach c.1925 [x-post r/historyporn]
"PSA: If your tire blows out and need help changing your tires, you run out of gas or need a tow to safe location dial #399 for the Freeway patrol service. This service is absolutely free of charge."
"""Every Wednesday in Los Angeles, Jeff Goldblum plays jazz tunes for free"""
BHHS: Can't go under it? Can't go around it?
"Sunset Strip, 1979 [2400x1500] (x-post r/HistoryPorn)"
Your Los Angeles Kings just advanced to the Stanley Cup Final!
"After just one year, Expo Line is already meeting its 2020 ridership projections"
Just another day in LA
Visiting LA? Wanna do stuff unique to Southern CA? I made a list! (suggestions welcome)
Moving to Redondo Beach next week from /r/chicago. Here's the view from my balcony. Sweet jesus.
"Hit and run, LAPD seeking info on the Nissan GT-R (possibly NSFW/Graphic) Repost from r/videos"
"Please vote ""YES on Measure J"" for more light-rail trains sooner rather than later!"
Supreme Court clears way for gay marriage in California
4th Street Bridge - Best Sunset I've Seen In LA
I have a reddit alien decal on my rear windshield. I found this note waiting for me on my car when I left work.
"Nothing Black About This Friday [Malibu, CA]"
"""Breeder Ban"" - LA just banned the sale of non-rescued pets"
"Which one of you was this, watching Endeavour?"
Weather in LA...
Someone abandoned a bunch of hamsters and left them in the back of a parking lot... I'm trying to find them some homes!
Dunkin' Donuts Is Finally Returning to Los Angeles: LAist
It's like it's mocking me.
Just realized while waiting for a flight: LAX officially now has free WiFi!
My mom found this guy on a freeway off ramp. He didn't have any tags or a chip. In case any of you are looking for a new pet this little guy is at the Pasadena humane society.
I guess I'm about to sound like a huge loser...does anyone else feel like dating in LA is abnormally difficult?
"L.A. attorney has tried 6,297 Chinese restaurants... and counting."
"Do you know these people? My boyfriend found a lost roll of film 18 years ago, at a punk rock concert. We'd love to give these pics to the owner."
"USC students gather as part of a vigil in honor of graduate students Ying Wu and Ming Qu, who were murdered early Wednesday morning."
"The Moon, Venus, and Jupiter over Los Angeles [x-post from /r/spaceporn]"
How I felt driving to the westside from the valley tonight
Last night's sunset from the Griffith Observatory
Sunset at Santa Monica Beach last night [OC]. 
Scumbag L.A. Weather
This JUST happened at Mariachi Plaza in Boyle Heights.
Glendale brush fire closes 2-134 freeway interchange
Escondido Canyon Falls in Malibu - Still blows me away that something like this is so close!
My smoke spot today.
"And so it begins...  (Northridge, Tampa Ave)"
"A map of LA's neighborhoods, good for new Angelenos – from LA Mag"
"We've lost Channel 2, I repeat We have lost Channel 2......"
My MSL EDL battle station. Happening in LA right now!
Last night's rain from Silver Lake (looking out over Atwater/Glendale)
Crosspost from /r/pics: Pure Los Angeles foodporn.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's Well Deserved (and Overdue) Statue
The biggest reason I hate going over the hill...
hey guy who proposed to his girlfriend on the rooftop of the griffith observatory last thursday -- do you want your pictures? 
"$1000 fine for throwing footballs or frisbees at the beach?? Seriously, WTF!"
FREE WIFI FINALLY COMING TO LAX!!
Found it!
"Exploring LA at night by bike AKA ""The Passage Ride"" A weekly bike ride that is an LA hidden secret"
LA skyline this morning
Missing 22 y.o. diabetic in Culver City
"Well, I guess I'm finally an official Los Angelino."
Craigslist Fail
Shit People Say in LA
Los Angeles (light-writing)
My friend found this guy wandering UCLA. Does anybody recognize him?
NSFW Story about a move to L.A. from /r/4chan
35 signs you grew up in LA in the 90's
if only i could do this on the 101 or 405
"Replace a thirsty lawn with native California plants and other water-saving species and you can be paid $2/sq ft by LADWP, up to $4000"
"LA makes me crazy lots of the time, but some days I am so grateful to live here. "
IT RAINED!  HERE'S MY PICTURE!
"I live in DTLA. While watching the LA marathon from my window, I saw the gingerbread man. "
Scouting L.A. parks for a charity event venue when...ding ding!
"First map of LA, surveyed in 1849 (x-post from /r/MapPorn)"
L.A. Redditors - Need your help! - A 17 foot U-Haul was stolen today near LAX which contained all of my belongings.
"And with an assist from Sony, it becomes a triple rainbow!"
In-n-out urge ;)
The 10/405 Interchange
What to avoid in LA?
"DUI suspect leads LAPD on a chase into Burbank, winds up stopped in front of my house"
Just another average morning in downtown LA.
Drove 2 hours outside of the city to an exceptional dark sky site to see the stars...
UPDATE: Uber/Lyft/Sidecar to continue operations despite LA Taxi C&amp;D. They believe their state agreement with CPUC trumps the city's taxi commission.
"Where the gangs are: the color-coordinated map of the locales of the Bloods, Crips, and other gangs of LA"
Best Places To Shop In Los Angeles- Little Known Outlets or Designer Factories
Sunset in the Valley
"I love the ceiling on the east side of Union Station, especially the way it looks at night.  Taken 9/15/12 at 11PM with a Canon 300D + Tamron 18-200 lens."
Keeping Little Armenia classy. 
'Breaking Bad' finale will screen at Hollywood Forever Cemetery
LA Beach Culture long gone. Firepits being banned across Southern California beaches.
Gotta' love LA: Complete standstill on 110-S
"Momma's view from Kaiser, 8th floor, on her last day of radiation treatment!"
Keep The L.A. Metro Open After-Hours
Hit traffic on the 101 at Highland because I forgot the Hollywood Christmas parade was tonight. Wait...
My friends went for a hike in Griffith Park and some guy took this awesome picture of them...
California's 'biggest trader in child porn' arrested in Los Angeles
Anyone had a run in with an officer Aguilar in downtown?
TIL that the concrete used in the construction of LA City Hall was made with sand from each of California's 58 counties and water from its 21 historical missions.  (Didn't want to post in TIL because it's too specific to LA for anyone outside of this subreddit to care)
Found on the metro last night
I always forget how close we are to this.
Family Guy writer is arrested during Occupy LA protest.  His account of the arrest makes for a harrowing read.  
The difference living in Beverly Hills makes.
Is /r/LosAngeles interested in joining the SOPA blackout?
Lived in LA 3 years and I don't remember seeing these beautiful purple trees everywhere.
ESPN Zone in LA Right After the Overtime Goal by the Kings
I'm really glad it's raining
Found this is in the register at the top of Calabasas Peak. I think he handled the break-up poorly.
Dunkin Donuts is expanding to the west coast. 45 locations planned for Los Angeles.
Little Tokyo hardware store owned by world champ boxing manager sells best chef's knives in L.A.
"I was in LA two weeks ago and wanted to take a tour of the Coliseum, which unfortunately was closed. I'm pretty sure this is illegal."
I was hiking up to the Hollywood Sign and came across this near the top
Don't drink and drive people. Taken in front of Benito's on Santa Monica. 
Have you seen the giant pothole at the corner of Hollywood and LaBrea? Have you noticed the street leaking for the past FIVE months? I have. Here's a video.
Anybody in Los Angeles lose a pup?  Was found near Stadium Way freeway exit.
"Comedian Kurt Braunohler hired a sky writer to do this over LA (reposted from r/funny, can't believe this isn't already here)"
"Hey, did you guys realize Lucy, the mot complete hominid fossil find to date is temporarily in our midst at the Bowers Museum in Santa Ana?"
"UCLA researchers say last year's Carmageddon improved air quality: Air quality near the closed 10-mile portion of the 405 Freeway reached levels 83% better than typical weekends, according to a team at UCLA's Institute of the Environment and Sustainability."
"Because I've seen the question asked several times, here's a picture of my favorite fast food style pastrami sandwich: The Hat"
"Mt. Wilson Sunrise, taken Sunday morning."
A photo from the top of city hall
Fake McDonalds in LA! - Imgur
Odd sign plastered along a long stretch of Foothill blvd.
"Capitol Records building, late 1950s"
Los Angeles officials put forward a bid to USOC for a chance to host the 2024 Olympics 
Deadly Hollywood Nightclub shooting caught on tape. (Graphic)  Any information on the shooter please contact the Hollywood Division of LAPD
A Friend Died in a hit and run last night in Santa Monica. Did you see / hear anything?
(Follow-up) Hello my name is Bumblebee...Here's one of the murals I was able to do beecause of r/losangeles.  
RIP Dave Gold. The Founder Of The 99 Cents Only Stores Has Died.
"Extremely detailed birds eye view map of Los Angeles from 1909 [9,999px × 6,153px]"
First World Problem Venice Moron Style
"Some hard hitting news coverage, Good Day LA."
Your best hidden gems for dates. Activities and places? 
LA Phil rehearsals @ the Hollywood Bowl. FREE &amp; open to the public. 
El Segundo (all I had was an iPhone)
I saw a tank with a pig on it at Figueroa and Washington this morning.
18 Photos That Prove Los Angeles Has a History
L.A. Weekly Ranks the Best Fried Chicken in the City
Snapped this picture at Union Station...a glimpse into LA's past
"Beverly Hills, 1929"
Scumbag Los Angeles
"Bruce Lee statue in Chinatown, LA before it goes back to storage"
"The sunsets have been great, lately. "
Shell at Olympic and Fairfax: most expensive gas in LA?
"Not sure how many Angelenos play video game on here, but this one is going to be based off our city."
The irony of taking the metro in a large city like LA/OC/SD is that one has to have the luxury of TIME to be able to afford it.
Not a rumor! Alamo Drafthouse coming to Downtown LA!
"Hey guys - I want to give a huge, huge amount of thanks to Margo von Pigtails, the person who organized everything that happened yesterday (read inside)"
Joshua trees in the Southern California desert are in 'once-in-a-lifetime' bloom
Map view of how the city voted for mayor
How the LAPD is operating...
Map of highly recommended campgrounds near LA (eager for more suggestions!)
PSA: Avoid Culver City Honda
"Pictures of the Space Shuttle Endeavour over LA, plop em here! "
$1 Express Bus Service From L.A. To Bay Area and Vegas is Back!: LAist
"Cyclist hit by enraged driver, road rage attack in Downtown Los Angeles - Looking for the driver"
A drive down Sunset Strip... in 1964
"Tis' but a scratch!, the traffic light said"
"Meanwhile, in Wilmington..."
Van Nuys Tourism Video
Front Page Of The LA Times 44 Years Ago
"Matt Kemp gives a young disabled fan his hat, jersey and shoes (x-post from r/videos)"
After seeing some knee-jerk anti-government posts on /r/LosAngeles lately...
"Christopher Dorner Found $8,000, then Returned It to the Church that Lost It in 2002."
TIL - Little Tokyo is the birthplace of the California sushi roll.
"I made a figure showing how LACMA's currently proposed expansion would affect the Tar Pits and Hancock Park. I believe art is important, but art can be shown anywhere. Fossil sites can't be moved without being destroyed."
Someone brought a lamb to Runyon Canyon.
Los Angeles + Traffic = Rage [xpost from r/cars]
Apparently the 5 isn't an abbreviation for the 405?
"Downtown, from the corner of Sichel and Alhambra."
What just blew up in North Hollywood?
Spotted at Highland &amp; Franklin this morning
The sunsets have been unreal lately. I took this the other night. 
Los Angeles Parking Cheat Sheet
L.A. City Council votes to ban medical marijuana dispensaries 
How the City of Los Angeles raises and uses money
Well one time this actually did happen in Los Angeles
Two USC students murderered in carjacking this morning.
Made this on Saturday and forgot about it...
"Now, THAT'S what I call a sausage fest! From Wurstküche in downtown LA."
Best designed LA freeway map
An artistic rendering of Los Angeles traffic
"Richard Ramirez ""The Night Stalker"" is dead."
Petition to investigate corruption in LAPD
Officials hunt for ex-cop in shootings of 3 officers; 1 killed
"LA, from Temescal Canyon, Pacific Palisades"
This just kicked my ass
The Downtown Los Angeles Streetcar Loop is Officially a Go - Downtown Streetcar
"I was arrested for felony possession of marijuana in Burbank, CA that I bought from a dispensary with my doctor's recommendation (throwaway)"
"If you ride the buses, you know what I mean."
So this happened in the Promenade
"New Los Angeles traffic nightmare: stop sign cameras!  They ticket you if you don't come to a full stop.  Right now they are confined to the Santa Monica mountains, where they generated $2.4 million in tickets during 2010.  Prepare yourselves, Angelenos..."
LAX unveils new program using dogs to relieve airport stress
Christopher Dorner’s Online Manifesto; Disturbing Content and Language
Biggest Complaints About LA....and why they're wrong
"Every time I see it I read it as ""Human Tasty"""
New Frisbee Law Makes More Sense Now
"My first baseball game as a Non-American, thank you for the all you can eat tradition. Dodgers Vs Reds"
After visiting the Endeavour space shuttle today
Afternoon Rainbow Panorama
Steve Nash Welcomed to Los Angeles with a Keystone
Outsourcing
Chillin on the 405
Not sure what's scarier...
Just came out of Trader Joe's in Hollywood with guns drawn.
behind the Hollywood sign
"2 more shot near SMC this morning, be careful y'all"
"You rule, Los Angeles."
Zen @ eagle rock
Echo Park is looking great. Can't wait for it to open.
TIP – Museums Are FREEEEE! And Fun! – Hidden Los Angeles
Massive fire at 5 and Hwy 2 interchange. Cars crashing (and possibly exploding). Avoid if at all possible!
TIL Ray Bradbury advocated a monorail system in Los Angeles because of the psychology of simply being in the air
Thanks to u/BrutalCassius for the tip - saw Jeff Goldblum last night at the Rockwell and had a great time. Here's my favorite pic from the evening:
Being a pedestrian in LA...
Plane dumping water on the fire at the Sepulveda pass yesterday.
"After three months in LA, here's what I've noticed:"
Found HUNDREDS of drawings on a bus stop in Studio City... Please help me find the artist! 
New Year's Eve in Reseda...
The view from my grandma's $207 per month 1bdrm apartment building.  
Some cool old pics of Hollywood in the 50s and 60s
Porn Producers Threaten To Leave LA County After Passage Of Measure B
Lookin good LA...
how i felt driving the 101 through hollywood today
"Metro Board of Directors is considering a project acceleration plan that, on average, would lop 10 years off the time it takes to build second and third decade Measure R transit and road projects"
"I asked for this guy's card at an art show this weekend but instead he had me take a picture with my phone saying ""You'll lose my card but you'll never lose your phone."""
Going to the LA County Fair this year? I made a video guide that shows you what's good to eat and what's not worth your time or money.
Hey r/losangeles my puppy got stolen from my backyard. I live in Granada Hills. I know this is a longshot but maybe a fellow redditor can be able to get info on her
Finally had time to go and see it
I made a map of Endeavor's last flight over the Los Angeles area.....
Spring Street: 1940 vs. Present
A word of warning for those moving to downtown LA:  the owner of the Huntington Apartments is not a good man.
Good night LA
Umami Los Feliz
"[LAFOOD] We're Felony Franks, a Chicago-based company now operating a food truck in Los Angeles. We hire ex-offenders and they make damn good hot dogs."
"Anyone know of any good places for some urban exploration? i.e. abandoned, underground, secret places in the city"
Walking through DTLA when suddenly... (x-post from r/funny)
L.A. sunrise from my friend's office
I giggle every time I merge onto the 101N from the 110N.
One of my favorite things about LA 
"FINAL POST FOR LOS ANGELES REDDIT MEETUP DAY  (I will never, ever ask this again in my entire life, but please upvote this so all 953 people in /r/losangeles see it!)"
These guys opened a burger and cheesesteak shop in the SGV and I dont want them to close! You need to try the fries!
Environmental impact of Carmageddon
These guys broke into my car
Seen this truck at the office...
"Today, Villaraigosa rid Los Angeles of meters that don't take credit cards. An achievement, to be sure. "
Has anyone seen this man? He disappeared from Burbank on 9/10/12.
shooting in Hollywood
"Having just moved to L.A. [x-post, OP]"
Alamo Drafthouse expected to open multiplex theater downtown!
Downtown L.A. in motion
Los Angeles bucket list
This is one of the congressmen of LA that is trying to pass SOPA [x-post from /r/SOPA]
I made a spreadsheet of the best happy hours in Los Angeles. Hope you like it.
The decade Los Angeles really lit up: Power company photographs capture the spread of electricity in the 1940s.
Officers involved in Mother-Daughter shooting most likely will be shielded from punishment as cops shift blame to Dorner
LA is now the safest big city in America after a consecutive 10-year decrease in crime. Whats your theory?
Awesome pic of Space Shuttle Endeavour coming into LAX (x-post from r/funny)
Best news I've seen in months!
RIP MCA Billboard in WeHo
Santa Monica High School circa 1950. We found an old  medium format slide and were surprised to find this detail when it was enlarged.
So this happened at UCLA today... (x-post from pics)
"Manhunt: Newspaper carrier, 71, in ICU after being shot by police (the other lady was 43)"
Cardinal Mahony Relieved Of Public Duties For Shielding Pedophile Priests
Just a reminder: You have 2 days to register to vote for November's election. 2 days.
Los Angeles red-light camera program to end this weekend - latimes.com
What it's like to be subscribed to LA Redditors Meetup Group
Drink at my bar on Christmas Eve!
"TIL, if you forget your Ralph's card, you can just type in 310-000-0000 at the register and get all the discounts."
From the Getty
University of California approves raises and bonuses for more than a dozen top administrators as they consider raising tuition as much as 16% per year. 
Who wants to help organize this into a giant event?
Beautiful day at the Mount Wilson Observatory today!
Man cuts his arms with saws at West Covina Home Depot
I wonder about this every time in rains in LA...
Downtown Los Angeles is always a pleasure to look at from the air.
Saw some TSA agents at Union Station
Beverly Hills on Lockdown at the Corner of Beverly &amp; Olympic
Where are the best nachos in LA?
Porn film permits sharply decline in L.A. County
"A friend of mine was robbed, while she was home, by 2 men, and snapped a picture of one of the thieves. Any help would be greatly appreciated. This was in Santa Clarita."
Marijuana Dispensary Bans Overturned by California Court
Protests as Oscar-winning 'Life of Pi' VFX studio faces bankruptcy
Anyone else seen this guy on the 405? Anyone know what it is he's driving/riding?
Toyota and the mother of all PR stunts. Only in LA.
Surprised this hasnt been posted yet
"Venice Beach: ""...a family of six sleeping in a sand hole they had dug."""
My mom snapped this when she was visiting. I think it's beautiful.
Hiking today when out of the corner of my eye...
Long Exposure of where the 134 meets the 2
"While it's nice to see what the current plan for rail transit in LA is, I much prefer what was on the table thirty years ago."
3.1 Miles - passed 631 cars in 15min. Ride Jah Bike!
"Federal judge in Los Angeles has issued three key rulings over a four-year period that favored companies in which he owned stock, analysis has found."
"I'm not a photographer, but I sure loved taking pictures of LA. Let's share the best pictures we've taken. Here are mine."
"Sorry if this is common knowledge, but ""In the City of Los Angeles, yellow curb zones are effective 7:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday through Saturday. Parking is permitted during non-restricted times. "" "
Near my new place...sounds like a lovely place to live!
Found this in Union Station
Westside Rentals isn't the best but WE are in the process of building something better (Just Launched)
Eric Garcetti Calls On Federal Government To End Cannabis 'Hypocrisy'
Saw a true LA classic this weekend
There's always a reason for traffic.
"drove by sepulveda and montana, saw this. i wasn't able to look around to find anything. does anyone know more?"
My favorite holiday billboard yet (spotted in south central)
Bitch dont kill my vibe street art
Red Line turnstiles at 8 stations are now LOCKED. You must use a valid TAP card to get in.
Just a little reminder of why we live here
How do you know when the Kings are playing home.
"Reddit, I just lost my friend and her son, please don't ever drink and drive. "
So much green! It's everywhere!
CSULA being evacuated after possible bomb threat.
Surf Shots I took Around Los Angeles
TRAILERS STOLEN - PLEASE HELP!
"I know that sunset pictures are cliche, but Saturday's sunset in Santa Monica was one of the best I've seen"
"The street route for the Space Shuttle Endeavor's trip to the California Science Center on Saturday, October 13th. This is going to be awesome!"
California Senate approves funding for high-speed rail to connect LA and SF.
"The Zankou Chicken Murders: The Story of a Family Torn Apart by Sickness, Murder and Garlic Sauce"
Late for work again...
"HIT-N-RUN of an 90 year old man on a bicycle; killing a 90 year old man on a bicycle is like killing a unicorn! Damn you to hell you horrible driver, I hope they find you!"
Unprofitable Fresh &amp; Easy chain may close
"Nothing much, just flying near downtown LA at 2000 ft on a clear Saturday evening."
"Hello everyone, my name is Bumblebee... Currently looking for more legal walls to paint. Please let me know if you own a business and would like it painted. (LA area) Here's an example"
Anyone else FUCKING COLD?
Time Warner Cable Sued For Passing Lakers-Dodgers Costs On To Customers
LA Times Lists the Top 10 Ramen Spots in LA
"For old time's sake, the classic Cal Worthington ""Pussy Cow"" commercial!"
This is some fucking BULLSHIT right here. F U Parking Enforcement. 
Arrested Development STAIR CAR @ the Grove today from 2-10pm!!
Metro to receive more than $390 million to improve public transit and air quality
LA's public transportation will suck for a while: Measure J did not reach the 2/3rds majority it needed to pass.
Self-Driving Cars Are Now Legal in California
Psy Asks El Monte To Rehire Lifeguards Fired For Their Awesome 'Gangnam' Video: via @LAist
Griffith Observatory under construction in 1933
"Expo Line to open to the public on Saturday, April 28"
Meanwhile In The Grove Parking Lot...
They didn't like this over in ITAP: LA from behind the Hollywood sign
My view of the Camarillo fire.
Pasadena changing of the leaves.
I moved to Boston a few months ago. The thing I miss about California the most? This guy.
Union Station: 1930's vs. Present
Not even the Ghostbusters can help with traffic
Councilman Tom Labonge promoting exercise at a 5K.  Photo is hilarious.  
"When I left Northridge today my car's 
thermometer read 113...back to K-
town, a comfy 88"
walk of shame level: los angeles
Hella?
So I'm moving to Los Angeles sans a job for a fresh start in August and this happened today.
Dodger Stadium and City Hall Tonight
The Weekend List 3/1-3/3
Everyone in the LA area yesterday
How I Feel When Driving Through Korea Town
I saw a geyser on Sunset this morning.
Elderly man bullied on bus in Los Angeles - caught on camera
LA's abandoned Linda Vista Hospital
Art in the streets Moca 2012 (x-post /r/pics)
"A Corporation Is Not a Person for Car Pool Lane Purposes, Calif. Judge Rules"
Lost cat- Blue (from posted signs in my neighborhood)
The San Pedro landslide (xpost r/southbayla)
Self-driving cars have been approved by the California State Legislature.
A perk of living in Los Angeles
I hiked 8 miles only to find a Bridge To Nowhere...
I &lt;3 you Chego.
Photographer threatened by film crew for taking pics in public area downtown.
"For those who are interested... Occupy Wall St. - Los Angeles protest, begins tomorrow in Downtown."
"Fuck, its hot as balls right now."
Hey Los Angeles!  It has taken me nearly 2 years to complete this short film about our great state.  It'd mean a great deal if you watched it!
"My school, Chaminade College Prep, went on lockdown for 2 hours today and we had to miss a final because a parent thought a student's tripod was a gun and called 911."
"Just when I think I've found a spot to park in an area that can be difficult to find street parking after 6pm (I live in Koreatown), I pull up and see this. And I die a little on the inside."
"Metro board approves Westside Subway Extension to the VA, also tunneling under Beverly Hills High School"
Save us L.A. Kings....
Hollywood Boulevard
WARNING to all L.A. county motorcyclists! Cops are paying extra special attention to you for the next few weeks! [x-post r/motorcycles]
"Owl I found on Mulholland who wouldn't move, then I found out why."
Mother of God...They're here!
Woman Skates Down Empty 405 Freeway During Carmageddon 
That's nothing. Look what I saw today.
Look who the fuck I ran into today
"[X-Post] Abandoned Hawthorne Plaza Mall in Hawthorne, CA[2592x1936]"
West Hollywood Bans the Sale of Fur clothing.  It is the first such ban in the Nation.
It appears a mob and a group of protesters are invading and surrounding the South Central Walmart.
Went on a meetup hike today at Switzer Falls and came back to this
Downtown. [OC]
It is cold as tits outside.
One of my absolute favorite photos from the week I spent in LA
7th and Figueroa: 1919 vs. 1920 vs. 2011 vs. 2017
California Court Rules It Illegal To Check Maps On Your Phone While Driving
My recent trip to LA
Anyone know what's going down at LACC?
We love our parking. This is not OK.
LAX does not make the list on the top 100 airports worldwide.
"Man who caught LA arson suspect, is a reserve sheriff who works for $1 a year.  "
"Reddit is going to confront the co-sponsor of SOPA, Rep. Howard Berman, at his Jan 4th community meeting in Sherman Oaks!"
Got an opportunity to tag along for my buddy's first piloting lesson. 
Speculation on Chris Dorner's plan:  it's genius.
Earthquake?
Gas Price Alert (Gas Buddy)
Popular Gay Bar 'The Abbey' Bans Bachelorette Parties
Lots of mini eclipses!
LA City workers came to fix bee problem in the sidewalk near my apartment. This was their solution.
A Very Odd Set Of Coincidences In Downtown LA
6 Breweries on the rise in 2013 (LA Weekly Blog)
Just a heads up for any old-school Simpsons fans on here. Fox 11 has been airing older episodes at 11pm during the week. 
Saw a beautiful full rainbow over the ocean last night. Never have I wished I had a better camera more. 
OFFICIAL MEETUP: Reddit Dedicated Day of Service (DDoS)
"Director of state parks has resigned, her deputy fired and attorney general investigation after the agency hid a surplus of $53 million over 12 years."
Rodney King found dead in a swimming pool in Rialto
"LOST DOG: SOPHIE, TERRIER MIX, 8LBS, LAST SEEN ON WASHINGTON/INGLEWOOD IN LOS ANGELES, 90066. REDDIT, PLEASE HELP ME."
Who else loves KCRW?
"I was visiting LA, and took this picture."
On the roof at Philippe's
This is what happens when /r/bestof links to /r/losangeles
"Santa Monica started placing these in their parking lots, you just type in your licence plate."
Metro trains (+Orange Line) now open late on weekends
"You guys all know about the awesome work Homeboy Industries does, right? ""Homeboy Industries assists at-risk and formerly gang involved youth to
become positive and contributing members of society through job placement, training and education."""
Please Help: Friend's father went missing in Pasadena yesterday
"Update: Friend assaulted near Icon last night, now brain dead. Looking for any information"
"I'm a comedian who just moved here. I'm headlining two very uncensored shows at Molly Malone's April 11th. Tickets are $20. If I can get the venue to do $5 for Redditors, anyone in?"
"Missing man, North East L.A (Alhambra, El Sereno, South Pasadena)"
Army Corps Bulldozes 40 Acres of Prime L.A. Wetlands Because of Bums and Gay Sex
A rather excellent view from a friend's uncle's mansion in the Hills
I went the Mayor's residence for a book signing last weekend. The pic I got looks like the Mayor is sporting a Little Richard hairstyle.  Unfortunate background...
"Anyone in LA need a puppy, this little guys owner's daughter is allergic :("
"TIL you should always order your coffee (and cold foods) ""to go"" in California"
"I hate the whole ""Keep Calm And Carry On"" shit, but this is pretty funny."
"Hey! Solo drivers: stop cheating the metered on-ramps by using the carpool lane, dammit!"
Impressive map to see if you should get solar panels in LA. Rather impressive for a government website.
LAPD Caught On Film Beating Student For Skateboarding On Wrong Side Of The Street
Calif bullet train construction will cost $3.5 million a day in race to avoid losing federal funding - the fastest rate of transportation construction known in U.S. history
How I feel today
Los Angeles at Night - Incredible Video
Epic Panorama of Downtown (xpost from r/pics)
50 places to eat for $5 or less in Southern California
"At the Getty Center, there's a room for sketching. I nailed it."
"My friend's store made LA Weekly. Free item to anyone who mentions Reddit, this Saturday from 12-8!"
"Take it with a grain of salt, but the Downtown NFL stadium is ""essentially dead"" according to Yahoo Sports."
Hey r/la here's a mural I did for you.
"These guys are in the OC shelter and their faces are killing me.  If anyone wants to adopt, I can help with adoption fees and transportation."
Saturday night approaches...
I work for LACMTA (Metro) And on May 2nd 2013 one of my coworkers took his own life. I think everyone that rides the bus or the metro should read his farewell letter. Our job is a difficult one at times. Click on the Alberto J. Recio link.
Wanted to learn more about the high-speed rail when...
Springtime for Glendale and Yerevan
How LA makes me feel sometimes. 
"Thank you, r/LosAngeles"
"This is my Los Angeles, show me yours. "
"My dad's the greatest Eva Mendes fan, on his birthday I ran into her and she gave me this"
Beverly Hills tries to stop the development of a critical subway system.
"In-N-Out employees, is the drive thru or going inside faster?"
There's a Kickstarter that wants to replace some billboards in LA with suspended bamboo gardens with WiFi
"Last night at 4AM two armed men entered my apartment, tied me up, stole all my valuable  and possessions(including my car) and left me to make sense of the situation. I just moved in two weeks ago."
#19 at Langer's in MacArthur Park: The Pastrami King. 
"Vietnamese man walks away from mental health care facility in Garden Grove (Orange County). Police say he's fascinated with Sandy Hook Shooting and has plans for a school of his own. Police asking, ""Hi, anybody know where he is?"""
Van Nuys area accident / heavily damaged White Mitsubishi
Happiness is 4 Dodger Dogs...
Saw her taken away in an ambulance.  I hope this guy gets caught.  This behavior is unacceptable.  
"SNL presents ""The Californians"""
I Keep a List of The Best Upcoming Comedy Shows in LA if Anybody's Interested.
We're #4! California one of the least corrupt states in the U.S.A.
"You know those ""Phone Jacks"" signs which are everywhere? The guy behind them got arrested in a sting operation"
"Support the LA Galaxy as they begin 
their defense of their Championship 
tomorrow!"
May you bask in his Heavenly scent
My commute to work this morning.
We all should work on opening a Reddit meet in LA
"Bonfires OK to stay at most beaches, but they're going to be gone in Newport Beach. New rules were approved Friday. Congratulations, rich assholes."
Save Reddit and Porn! STOP SOPA (H.R.3261)! Call your Congress Rep today! 
Just a guy walking his cat in Echo Park
Arrested Development fans! The banana stand is coming to LA!
Brokechella 2013 today 4/20 in Downtown LA
"Well, that seems like a bad idea."
Science and I are pretty tight.  Griffith Observatory fans may appreciate
Am I the only person in LA who drinks the tap water?
I'm an 18-year-old female looking for a Prom date this Saturday. 
Just some dogs wearing sunglasses heading north on La Brea.  No Big deal. 
Fuck this kid...
"You have until the end of the month to eat at a great burger stand. Irv's looks like a dump, but the food and the owner are fantastic."
I took Chipotle Guac and brought it to the world of In-N-Out
Car Blocking Your Driveway? Get It Towed Immediately!
Santa Monica Harbor 1936
Street art in progress
Medical Marijuana Business Supported By Majority Of L.A. City Voters
LAX ghost town
Langers no.19
MAN IT'S SO COLD IN THE VALLEY THESE DAYS
LA Times lists 100 things to do this summer. How many have you done?
OC transient Kelly Thomas police beating footage finally released to public
Judges decide at an Appeals Court ruling that Los Angeles does NOT have the legal authority to ban Medical Marijuana Shops 
"Well, that was a shitty rainstorm. :("
Who else saw the rainbow this evening? 
L.A. marks 100th 'safe surrender' newborn left at hospital 
Its things like this that make LA so beautiful
"Ray Bradbury, 91, passes away in Los Angeles on June 5, 2012"
It's nights like last night that reinforce why I love living in LA.
Fullerton CA Police beat transient Kelly Thomas to death - multiple links inside 
Something to do this weekend
Huntington beach in 1928
"The Adult Playground at Santa Monica Beach, People Swingin' Around Everywhere"
List of free-admission days for L.A. museums year-round.
When I let someone merge into my lane and they give me the thank-you wave
How I'm spending this rainy Sunday morning.
So this happened on Wilshire and Barrington
Highland Park Theatre
"If you get into an accident, Pull Over to the Shoulder Lane"
Great white shark eats sea lion in front of whale watchers off Rancho Palos Verdes
Another person dies in Eaton Canyon - HIKERS PLEASE BE CAREFUL
'Frozen wing' of downtown LA's Alexandria Hotel to be opened after almost 75 years
"LA redditors, Children's Hospital Los Angeles Blood Donor Center here.  Need to let people know we're raffling off Rose Bowl Tickets to blood and platelet donors.  Help!  Pass along to friends!"
L.A. MOVE IN DAY 1953
"Really, LA Superior Court? I expected your website to be shitty, but I was not prepared for this."
LA's library hours are going back to pre-budget cut lengths!
"Interesting - ""Which Way LA"" just linked directly to the r/losangeles post on Endeavor.  We are the news..."
Downtown L.A. intersection may be named 'Ray Bradbury Square'
Happy Birthday Los Angeles!
"""Gone"" or: Reddit, Help Me Find the Girl in the Good Luck Bar (xpost from /r/comics)"
PSY at Giants vs. Dodgers Game. GANGNAM Style!
One of the cooler ads I've seen lying around Silverlake
"Which one of you lost a hippo named ""Poochers"" in the valley? "
"TSA unleashes VIPR venom in metro LA - this is from the Pasadena area, has it been spotted anywhere else in the metro area?"
"Hey, Los Angeles...Lookit what was on the Simpsons last night... "
Downtown L.A 7.15.13
Followup on the stolen VW Beetle.
Pacific Coast Highway is closed NB @ Temescal Canyon due to a mudslide. 0500 hours.
"I woke up last night to my neighbors having loud sex and a homeless man in the alley shouting instructions to the couple.  /r/LosAngeles, What are some of your hilarious homeless stories?"
"On your birthday, anyone can get a free trip out to Catalina Island."
Beverly Hills' Own Geological Report Concludes That Purple Line Station at Constellation Is Safer Than Santa Monica Blvd. Location; Beverly Hills Plans to Sue Anyway
Hey guys. Check out who is at the Getty right now. 
New LA laws in effect as of July 1
"Made a meetup group for ""People Who Can't Stand Most Other People"" today. In under an hour, over 100 people joined."
Where the singles are in LA
AMA REQUEST: Eric Garcetti - LA Councilmember &amp; candidate for Mayor
Just another day in Venice.
Plan Accordingly...Next weekend (Jan 28th and 29th) is Museums Free-For-All.  More than 15 Museums around LA featuring free admission to the general public. 
"ARSON PHOTO: White male 5'8"" to 6'2"" Poneytail, receding hair line (dark hair) Late 20s to mid 30s. Source: LAPD"
This isn't right. Police confirm they have a policy to stop photographers. We should have a phone/email campaign about this.
The International Space Station (ISS) will be visible tonight
Anyone else remember Crazy Gideon?
"LAPD Captain protects drug dealer because she is dating his father. No charges filed and she's still drawing salary ($300,000 so far) while on leave."
KROQ's Bean on his recent operation. So glad to hear both him and Scott Mason are doing well! 
Magic Johnson led group buys Dodgers for 2 billion.
What are your favorite hikes &lt;2hrs drive away?
Zimmerman protests: At least 5 arrested in LA
L.A. approves ban on plastic grocery bags
"My friend took this picture. ""Only in SGV"""
Olympics 2024: Los Angeles First City To Formally Express Interest In Hosting Summer Events
"It ain't no In-N-Out, but a medium Fatburger is only $1.75 today."
I finally felt that earthquake!
Transit of Venus over Forest Lawn
"Do not fear the 16"" guns of the USS Iowa.  Love them.  Welcome to LA!!!"
Silver Lake is Paradise
Little Tokyo at Sunset. About to have some delicious Japanese Buffet! 
Echo Park looked like she was beaming and proud to reopen and have so many visitors
Labor chief won't back away from campaign mailer to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour.
"A price and quality comparison of organic foods at Whole Foods, Sprouts and Ralphs. "
Santa Monica Residents: Be on the lookout for door-to-door scam-robbers
"This one is for everyone who's ever had a boss treat them like shit, harass them, whether it be physically, mentally, or sexually, there needs to be change! An open letter regarding Food 4 Less, #766, in Highland Park, Los Angeles, CA 90042."
"STAR 98.7-FM: Every day, every hour... ad infinitum"
LA vs. NYC - 'LA is a heavenly place'
Hollywood-bought local congresswoman Karen Bass supports SOPA
6 Months in LA - The loneliest I've ever been.
Anyone feel that quake?
"Los Angeles, I need help"
LA Galaxy to host MLS Cup vs Houston on Dec 1!!! Let's be back to back champs!! COME ON LA!!
Proposition 35's Demands For Sex Offenders' Online Info Draws ACLU Lawsuit 
"Say goodbye to the porn industry, L.A."
"Are fucking kidding me, Lowe's?  Taken today in Burbank. "
Sunset falling behind a Los Angeles mountain
Truth!  Jumping on the ironic manhole cover bandwagon.
Only in LA
"Wow, the Beverly Hills Courier REALLY doesn't want that tunnel under Beverly Hills High."
"Live in West Covina? Thank your US Rep, Judy Chu, for voting against the asinine reaffirmation of 'In God We Trust' as the US motto. "
"Well, this is going to suck - 405 closed both ways for 53 hours"
Stopped by BofA next to Hawthorne PD. I'm guessing they will be doing a press conference tonight?
Echo Park Lake Has Official Re-Opening Date!: LAist
"2,297 Tickets Already Issued For Improper Use of the 110 Toll Lanes"
California is now officially the most hated state in the Union. 
Best Driving Shortcuts in LA
Los Angeles how about we say NO to the DEA &amp; the federal government for trying to shutdown Medical Marijuana Dispensaries!!!  
Those East Coasters are really freaking out about that 5.9.
Los Angeles sports teams
An Astounding $4.7billion Bill for High-Speed Rail Project Signed by the California Governor 
LA Commuter Car Mat (three years later)
It's been so long since I'be last seen my favorite piece of architecture in Los Angeles County
This shit is more addictive than crack.
I am from Chicago looking to move to LA.  I emailed my uncle who lives in LA about apartment rentals. This was his response
My friend was shot and killed in LA. Please read and help if you can.
The physiology behind why people from very cold climates can visit LA in the winter and walk around in shirts and shorts.
"Parents Sue Over L.A. Elementary School Yoga Program, Fear Kids Are Learning 'Neopaganism'
"
Snowy peaks and palm trees in one picture... must be LA
The International space station will be visible again tonight!
"A slight chance of drizzle until Tuesday makes for awe-inspiring SkyPorn.  Jesus should descend now, with a boat.  (Or no wait, he walks on water, nvm.)"
Hawk Chick my dad found
Please contact the Los Angeles City Council Members and let them know that the people of Los Angeles do not want Medical Marijuana Dispensaries Banned in LA
"Los Angeles Sheriff's department says they are trained to judge the esthetic value of a photo to determine if the photographer is a terrorist, claiming this gives them the right to detain and pat down anyone taking pictures. (x-post from Bad_Cop_No_Donut"
They were giving out free hats at Dodger Stadium yesterday.
Anyone else been hearing a deep humming noise?
Illustrator on the corner Sixth and Grand
One day on the Gold Line: Pasadena writer Carla Sameth becomes an unlikely victim of bloody violence at the hands of sheriff’s deputies patrolling the local commuter train
"To anyone that was at the King King Room on Saturday, July 23"
Irony
I was longboarding around Venice Beach yesterday- had to stop for a minute and get this on camera.
Silverlake hippest hipster neighborhood in the US: Forbes
"YOLOLOLOL Rapper tweets ""YOLO"" about his drunken joyride moments before the fatal accident that killed everyone in the car."
"For every thousand good parents in this world, there's always one real idiot"
"Suddenly, battleship."
Laws That Shaped L.A.: Why Los Angeles Isn't a Beach Town 
Here's a snapshot I took of Venice tonight. 1/24/12
Hey actors. Your careers start here.
Saw this while jogging tonight (Robertson/Pico)
"Los Angeles is the homeless veteran capital of America, with an estimated 8,000 on the streets. The Dept of Veterans Affairs could quite literally end this homelessness if a 387 acre parcel of land (deeded to US in 1888) were used as it was intended. The ACLU is suing to make this happen."
"Street tunnel opening, 1924"
I see the craziest cars on these streets. (Melrose)
Global Reddit Meetup Day update #3 - We have a location!
"Dear Reddit, I need your help in finding my friend..."
Fresh &amp; Easy On Closing Rumors: 'We're going to keep on fighting the good food fight'
The future of LA Union Station — take Metro’s online survey!
The past few weeks.
Dante Basco (Rufio) just posted this on his tumblr. Hoping someone here can help him out.
In-N-Out did a pop up in Harajuku. They put the secret menu on the regular menu.
Friendly Reminder: All Metro Rail lines will be running all night for New Year's and everything will be free between 9pm and 2am.
Today's weather report
Dr Dre is giving a commencement speech at USC right now
"Are you part of the Los Angeles meet-up group? We're not all terrible people, come be friends."
The annual towing of the idiots
Do you really like living in LA?
"More than 60% of Angelenos who rent their dwellings are considered ""rent burdened,"" meaning they pay more than 30% of their income in rent.

"
Flight from San Fran to LA: an hour and twenty minutes.  12 mile drive from LAX to my apartment: two hours forty minutes.  Thanks Super Shuttle!
"r/LA, share your favorite ""hidden gems"""
The wind was strong in LA last night.
Traffic Nightmare: Coldwater Canyon Will Be Closed For A Month
"Complete list of landmarks for shuttle fly-over.  Straight from the FAA who, surprisingly, answered my email!"
"Sincerely, Echo Park"
"Rescued 3 beautiful puppies in Alhambra last night, any LA redditors looking for a new pup? Sorry if this isn't the right place, first time posting to r/LA.."
"Pulled over on my way home, near Manhattan Beach. "
"""City offers Occupy L.A. office space near camp for $1 a year."""
"I happened upon the Gotham Police Department fleet in Chinatown today, here's some pics"
Reddit delivers: Pizza plea answered for 2-year-old cancer patient at LA Children's Hospital
"""Anatomy of Los Angeles"" (1969) a French TV clip on the bleak, uncultured, failing future awaiting the city"
"Anyone interested in flying up to Portland today from Van Nuys around 3pm in a private jet? Space for two people, $150 each."
LAPD Reopening Case into Fugitive Christopher Dorner's Termination From the Force
Police lose trail of fugitive ex-cop Christopher Dorner - LA Times
Only about three-fifths of the lane mileage envisioned for Los Angeles freeways was ever completed
"Closing after more than 100 years. ""The business didn't have to make any money, it just couldn't be losing money."""
"This is an issue very important to me. I wrote a law in CA that has saved millions and kept thousands of kids out of jail, while cutting down on gang-related crime. Now I want to do the same at the Federal level. Let me know what you think."
"Enjoy the Heat Wave While You Can: Los Angeles May Be in for a Long, Stormy Winter"
Sunset Beach - Eclipse Timelapse
"So, who's my new neighbor?"
Holy hell. Human head found in bag on hiking trail near Hollywood Sign.
Update: I asked for help on the worst day of my life and you guys really came through. 
Did anybody else explode with cheerfulness?
AAA To Offer Free ‘Tipsy Tow’ Service On New Year’s Eve « CBS Los Angeles
"Thieves steal Los Angeles based artist's tour van and entire drum-set on Christmas Day. Reddit, try and help these guys out. Here's a video of the theft. More info in comments. "
Boy that was one crazy thunderstorm we had today.
Hard to describe the feeling of seeing this pass by
"The California Science Center has received what officials describe as an ""extraordinary"" financial contribution to the new Air and Space Center that will house the space shuttle Endeavour."
After two weeks on LA Metro buses
"California State University is withholding financial aid for about 20,000 needy graduate students - money that pays their tuition - pending a decision that could permanently end the cash grants."
We should have a giant block party on the 405 during carmageddon.
What does this thing that looks like a duck do?
Come check out Modern Eats in Silver Lake for dinner tonight(7/22). Discount for redditors!
Can anyone tell me where this is? I think it's in Topanga somewhere.
Your support has been great to make a free version West Side Rentals! Thank you!
U.S. Sen. Diane Feinstein’s husband Richard Blum won the first-phase construction contract for California’s high-speed rail.
"Three Months Shy of Due Date, Sheriff's Deputy Saves Drowning Teen at Silverwood Lake | NBC Southern California"
So I snapped this at sunset a couple of years ago
Apparently Dave Grohl really loves the Valley
"Just my Shiba Inu, Nunnie, looking out at DTLA. (x-post from r/shiba)"
Pet Sales To Be Banned in L.A? - LA Weekly
